
The ibanya/i (communal bathhouse), he explained, was the Russian panacea. For some older and poorer Russians, it was still the preferred way of getting clean. Even for those with power showers, it remained a place to relax, do business and, in sauna-like heat, purge the body and rediscover one's self. &ldquo Pushkin wrote that ibanya/i is a Russian's second mother,&rdquo  Nikita told me, &ldquo but I say that sweat is his father.&rdquo
The looming spectre of a global flu pandemic dragged most equity and commodity markets lower yesterday and risk aversion remained elevated following reports that Bank of America and Citigroup could need to raise billions of dollars more in capital as a result of the US government's stress tests.
Beijing last month portrayed its unprecedented creation of special protest zones in three parks as an expression of respect for citizens' rights. But officials said all demonstrations must have prior approval, which they appear unwilling to grant.
The dollar value of exports from emerging market countries will rise next year for the first time since 2014, helped by higher commodity prices and modestly stronger demand, it is predicted.
We know that online reviews make a difference but this isn't totally straightforward to establish. An excellent book (ahem) might win both a large readership and positive reviews  it would seem impossible to prove that the reviews helped boost the sales figures. But two economists, Judith Chevalier of Yale and Dina Mayzlin of the University of Southern California, observed that different websites host different reviews. Observing sales ranks and reviews on Amazon.com and its rival BN.com, Chevalier and Mayzlin concluded that reviews had a substantial impact on sales - with negative reviews being taken particularly seriously.
us banks have responded to the liquidity squeeze by issuing record amounts of preferred shares and other “hybrid” securities – a move that has bolstered their balance sheets but has caused concerns among credit ratings agencies.
Mr Schwarzman, founder of private equity group Blackstone, is donating $100m from his own fortune to launch a scholarship he hopes will rival the prestigious Rhodes programme that brought a young bill clinton to Britain’s Oxford university. He will raise a further $200m from business and investors around the world to help sponsor 200 students for a Master’s degree at Tsinghua. The aim is to promote greater understanding between the future elite of China and that of the rest of the world.
China’s education minister has just issued an edict to the country’s universities that sounds like something from the heyday of Maoism. “Never let textbooks promoting western values enter our classes,” thundered Yuan Guiren. “Any views that attack or defame the leadership of the party or socialism must never be allowed.”
analysts believe that Temasek’s most important jigsaw piece is its 11.5 per cent stake in Standard Chartered that it acquired in July for an estimated US$4bn from the family of the late Khoo Teck Puatb（查自东亚经济评论http://www.e-economic.com/info/1144-1.htm）/b, a Singapore tycoon. The UK-based banking group – which operates an extensive banking network in Asia, the Middle East and Africa – could serve as the central structure to connect Temasek’s other banking investments, according to analysts.
CGN is planning to sell shares worth up to $3.2bn, according to a termsheet seen by the Financial Times, which would make it the biggest initial public offering in the city since Everbright Bank raised a similar amount last December.
Last September, I wrote a column pointing out that the crash had made the bottom fall out of market in management bullshit  business people seemed to have renounced waffle and were being rather sober and sensible. While this might have been a good thing for the world as a whole, for my awards ceremony it was a catastrophe.
About half of China's Tibetan population live in the Tibetan Autonomous Region, while the rest are mainly in the neighbouring provinces of Qinghai, Gansu, Sichuan and Yunnan.
The denial, issued on Tuesday, followed the release of documents showing what were claimed to be NSA attempts to break into a wide range of computer and networking hardware. These included servers made by Dell and Hewlett-Packard, network gear made by Cisco, ­Huawei and Juniper, and hard drives from Samsung and ­Seagate.
What needs to be done? Adaptation is part of the answer, partly because further warming is certain, given the concentrations of greenhouse gases already in the atmosphere. But mitigation must also be central. Fortunately, many of the technologies needed to lower greenhouse gas emissions per unit of output are known already. What also emerges from the analysis is that there is no dominant solution. A mixture of technologies will be needed, instead (see chart). Among them are: increases in efficiency  carbon capture and storage  nuclear power  use of biofuels  and domestic combined heat and power. Also important, however, is forestation.
In fact, we would argue that the unravelling of many of the so-called “Trump trades” in global markets this year reflects the deflationary chill that China’s credit squeeze is creating, rather than simply registering scepticism about trump administration policies.
He says most cases are settled harmoniously but there are still areas of contention. In November, the Andrew Lloyd Webber Foundation withdrew from sale Picasso's “Portrait de Angel Fernández de Soto” because of a restitution claim that was felt to have cast enough of a shadow over the picture to discourage potential buyers.
Many Taiwanese invest in China through shell companies registered in third territories, such as the British Virgin Islands or the Cayman Islands. These companies meet the definition of “special purpose vehicles” in China’s new regulations.
The main FT Global 500 table shows the rank in 2007 and 2008 for each company, the country, sector and turnover. The net income, price earnings ratio, dividend yield and the company's year end are included in the Global 500 on FT.com.
If anything, the credit squeeze has now made clear that Lehman and Bear, which is still heavily reliant on domestic fixed income, can no longer be viewed as comparable organisations.
While internet censors are learning to apply new technologies to expand their efforts, activists wanting to circumvent the controls are using the latest internet methods to advantage.
It ruled that the 65-year-old was entitled to return his vehicle and receive a partial refund, plus interest.
The central asian countries of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan signed the agreement with their eastern neighbours China and Mongolia, Afghanistan to the south, and their fellow former Soviet republic of Azerbaijan to the west.
investment banking has a reputation for being intense, arduous and stressful. But for three women financiers working in China, it was just these pressures that sparked the idea for their business venture designed to promote a healthier lifestyle.
On Friday, mr trump posted on Facebook and Twitter that he would respond to violent protests with military force, saying: “When the looting starts, the shooting starts.” But while Twitter slapped a warning on the post and hid it from view for “glorifying violence”, Facebook left the message intact.
Malaysia’s sovereign wealth fund is to sell the first
“This is harder than real estate in New York, Jared, isn’t it?” donald trump joked to his son-in-law Jared Kushner during a lengthy preamble to last week’s White House signing of a “phase one” trade deal with China.
The sell-off goes beyond financials, as earnings multiples on non-financial stocks are approaching their lows from the last bear market.
One of the first lessons I learnt in Econ101 was that barter trade is inefficient compared with a money economy. Yet, in an interesting article in the FT's House &amp  Home section (&ldquo Fair Trade&rdquo , May 16 2009) I read about the rising popularity of websites through which people can swap houses, instead of buying and selling them. Is this another example of how useful my economics degree is?br /Confused Economist
Sinotruk, China's third- largest heavy-truck manufacturer, will today begin marketing its $1.16bn initial public offering in Hong Kong, ahead of a trading debut expected this month.
India has warned its nuclear-armed neighbour Pakistan that it “will pay” after heavily armed militants stormed an Indian army base in the border town of Jammu, killing five soldiers and a civilian.
It would be unthinkable for a hurricane to hit the US without warning — or for modellers to be hurriedly convened only once the tempest had reached land. The National Weather Service is on permanent watch for these and other natural hazards, whose destructive paths can be predicted several days ahead of time using a mix of observational data and atmospheric modelling finessed over decades.
Jarlway Holdings is to cancel its Aim listing at the end of the month as the Chinese concrete pumpmaker struggles to repay its debts in China.
These rising stars have not yet been through a downturn and had to cope with hard choices about how much to continue to invest in marketing and branding. The advice of branding experts is to stick the course but we shall see whether they have the nerve.
Speaking to the financial times and a small group of journalists in Berlin two days after his unexpected presidential pardon, Mr Khodorkovsky, 50, said he would not return to Russia for now as he faced a legal claim for $500m.
Chinese farmers, enticed by high pork prices, have returned in droves to raising hogs despite reports of continued outbreaks of the virus, which is deadly to pigs but harmless to humans.
It felt like history.
After the US banned exports to the company in May, Huawei’s founder Ren Zhengfei predicted annual revenues would remain flat from 2018 to the end of 2020, at about Rmb721bn ($100bn).
It all started this spring, after a massacre in a mosque in Christchurch, New Zealand. That country’s $41bn sovereign wealth fund, the “NZ Super Fund”, started the first global investor coalition to campaign about social media issues.
Sportswear group Nike and Swiss watch brand TAG Heuer said they had dropped their sponsorships, while carmaker Porsche said it would “postpone planned activities” with the player until further details were released.
The preferential voting system has been in place since 1936. Eyebrows were raised this year, though, when emiDreamgirls/em, the musical about a Motown-era group, missed outon a nomination for best picture, in spite of apparently having a wide base of support from members.
Although precise figures are hard to come by, analysts estimate that around 20m people have invested directly in the stockmarket, after a huge spurt of interest over the last year. The investment fund industry has also grown dramatically as chinese investors have taken money from bank deposits and put them into equity funds.
The us congress is considering legislation to force a speedier revaluation of China's currency, while there are calls for new curbs on textiles and steel imports in Europe.
That deal involved a team of 45 Barclays staff, led by Stephen King, head of principal mortgage trading, leaving the bank. They then set up a company called C12, and took on the &pound 12.3bn asset portfolio, codenamed Protium.
The european union is poised to give &euro 1bn ($1.57bn, &pound 792m) in unused agricultural subsidies to farmers in the developing world to fight food shortages, its farm and development chiefs confirmed yesterday.
BHP will slash the value of its Australian thermal coal assets by up to $1.25bn as it seeks to divest the business and focus on other commodities.
An HP spokesperson was not immediately available for comment on the 26 March.
However countries that have only limited access to financial markets will need to be much more careful about their fiscal strategies, Mr Gaspar warned in an interview to accompany the publication of the fund’s annual Fiscal Monitor.
These have been founded in part on the availability of cheap finance. With the world’s main central banks now all engaged in co-ordinated monetary tightening, the speed with which the BoJ puts up interest rates has taken on a new significance.
Dmitry Agarkov reportedly received an unsolicited offer of a credit card. Dissatisfied with the terms of the deal, he wrote his own amendments, signed the contract and mailed it back to the bank, which countersigned it and sent him his credit card - apparently not noticing that Mr Agarkov had proposed an interest rate of zero, an unlimited credit balance and a cancellation fee of nearly $200,000. So far the courts have sided with Mr Agarkov.
The People’s Bank of China has quietly offered the funds to China’s five largest banks on a temporary three-month basis through a relatively new mechanism known as the standing lending facility. The amount is equivalent to a half a percentage point cut to China’s reserve requirement ratio (RRR) – the level of cash commercial lenders must leave on deposit with the PBoC, according to analysts.
China's $3tn local government debt burden is well known. The below charts from Moody's show where in China the most indebted governments are.
Global stocks rose and the dollar weakened as investors welcomed the muted action from us president donald trump in the dispute with China over Hong Kong.
Collective Brands has begun sourcing from Indonesian producers to reduce dependence on China, where costs are rising. Matt Rubel, chief executive, said the company expected steadily to raise output from subcontractors in Indonesia to about 12m pairs a year by 2015. “The utopia for one-stop sourcing for quality and low price has been China . . . but utopias never last,” Mr Rubel told the financial times in an interview. “Today we have to do more work in redeploying to wherever we can.”
Having seen Taiwan transformed from an authoritarian one-party regime into one of Asia's most vibrant democracies, the Taiwanese reject few things more passionately than comparisons with Hong Kong. The parallels, therefore, cannot reach beyond pure economics. Since martial law was lifted in 1987 and democracy introduced in the early 1990s, Taiwan has gradually discovered an identity of its own. Only a tiny minority of the island's residents now accept the idea of future unification with their giant neighbour.
Leaving cards are bra bit harder, but there is a formula here, too. I have a repertoire of two comments: “I'll miss you,” and “good luck”. If I'm feeling extravagant, I use both.
Should the poor numbers persist, Ms Yellen’s first option – to press pause on the Fed’s two-month-old tapering – would be hard to take even if she wanted to. At his final meeting in January, mr bernanke wound down quantitative easing by another $10bn to $65bn a month.
Hong Kong’s benchmark hang seng index climbed 1.9 per cent on Monday while South Korea’s Kospi rose 2 per cent and China’s CSI 300 index of Shanghai- and Shenzhen-listed stocks added 1.4 per cent. Japan’s Topix index was flat.
foreign investment in agricultural land should not be a problem. One recent estimate is that 15 per cent of all purchases of UK agricultural land are made by foreign investors. Even more than a power station or a yoghurt producer – which have caused rows about foreign investment in recent years – farmland is a fixed asset. foreign investors bring capital, expertise and markets  they are a good thing.
"We have wrapped up over $20bn in investments during the course of this day's work, linked to the development of a group of projects," Maduro said after seeing his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping.
The gap in valuations between the two markets used to be more exaggerated. In 2000, the average valuation of chinese mainland A shares was almost double that of chinese shares listed in Hong Kong, as an army of chinese retail investors plunged into the equity market with little idea of how to assess share prices.
Atsushi Niimi, executive vice-president, said the carmaker was aiming to reduce output to about 70 per cent of its domestic capacity of 3.9m vehicles.
The ministry's restatement on Monday of China's well-settled position on aid was a pointed reminder that Beijing will continue to carve out its own path in Africa despite rising criticism in the west.
CICC, which was formed as a joint venture between Morgan Stanley and china construction bank in the 1990s, now counts china investment Corporation, the country’s sovereign wealth fund, as its biggest shareholder.
The fifth criterion, “Aims achieved”, assesses the extent to which the school has enabled respondents to fulfil their goals or reasons for doing an EMBA. It carries 5 per cent of the total weighting.
The emotional drivers behind this decision include a general desire to expand one's knowledge, the ambition to increase one's earning power, and the often-primeval urge to become an entrepreneur, to work for oneself, not someone else.
After the dramas of the year, the awarding of my own teaching qualification last week was a bit of a let down. The certificate plopped into my spam folder while I was incarcerated in a windowless book cupboard repairing damaged textbooks with a roll of Sellotape. When I fished it out I could not download it as I had lost my Teacher Reference Number and had no idea how to get a new one.
The bank chief has been resilient in the face of the London whale scandal last year and the string of legal woes that have followed it. The bank could be faced with an $11bn settlement related to pre-crisis mortgage lending practices, including those of Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual, which it bought in deals encouraged by the US government.
“I’m confident that political parties will come to an agreement,” Emilio Lozoya, the newly appointed Pemex chief executive, told the financial times in his first in-depth interview. Mr Lozoya said the reform would allow Pemex to work hand-in-hand with the world’s largest oil companies for the first time in more than half a century. Pemex, with sales of more than $100bn a year, is the seventh-largest oil producer.
The federal reserve is likely to refrain from raising interest rates for the rest of the year, according to the projections of its top officials, cementing the us central bank’s sharp shift towards a “patient” approach to monetary tightening in the face of waning economic momentum in the US and abroad.
mr trump went to the headquarters of Snap-on — a tool company in Kenosha, Wisconsin, hometown of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and a swing county that was key to Mr Trump’s election in November — to sign the two-part order.
Another day, another reform measure for the renminbi. This one sounds quite bold: ending a six-year ban,  SAFE has decreed that small chinese banks will now be permitted to hold overnight long positions in the renminbi.  And that means these banks are now also able to hold short positions in foreign currencies.
United Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Hawaiian Airlines are all expected to make changes within the next 48 hours, according to one person familiar with the decision taken by the carriers. It is not clear exactly what wording the airlines will use.
The broad rally in China's stock market extended further on Monday, even in spite of weak economic data. The juxtaposition raised questions about whether Beijing should risk stepping in with looser policy, as it could add more fuel to the market euphoria.
The shares had begun trading in Shanghai last Monday and the dual-listing raised a total of $1.5bn.
ciences in 1988 and was considered one of the most visionary economists of the latter half of the 20th century. He once described wall street as “a veritable casino” and had long warned against the kind of banking and stock market practices that would lead to the financial crises of 1998 and 2008.
To most people, an economist is the chap interviewed in newspapers or on the television uttering acronym-laced incantations about 0.3 per cent this or 10 per cent that. He is usually a man, rarely stylish, mysteriously confident, and a bit dull.
Chinese diplomats like to point out that they are not complete newcomers to the continent - the country established relations with a number of African nations in the 1960s and a few state-owned companies have been looking for investments in Africa since the early 1990s. Yet the engagements on all fronts between China and Africa have accelerated rapidly over the past few years because the continent fills so many of China's immediate needs.
As Lehman Brothers said this week: "While climate change may well be a slow-moving force, asset prices will on occasion move sharply, when new evidence reaches the market or policies are changed."
But base metals were mixed, undermined by worries about the strength of the us economy ahead of today's us federal reserve meeting.
The decline in interest in the dollar for corporate bonds reflects the currency’s recent weakness, according to Nicholas de Boursac, managing director of the Asia Securities Industry and financial markets Association in Hong Kong.
Mr Xi, who will arrive on Thursday, said China and Italy would “strengthen ties at the highest level”, and that co-operation between the two countries would “create a new era for the Belt and Road in areas such as marine, aviation, aerospace and culture”.
ByteDance, the Chinese start-up behind the popular short video app TikTok, is looking to hire 10,000 new employees, defying a global chill that has forced many technology companies around the world to lay off workers.
Sir Michael believes the FCO is managed far better than it was a decade ago, although the transformation is not yet complete. “We have not yet got the internal communications right in a widely dispersed organisation at a time of change,” he says. Communication issues were central to the complaints in Beirut last week.
As soon as I arrive in Guangzhou, I meet the 14 staff members in our office to review projects and clients. Guangzhou is our research base but we discuss opening a new office in Shenzhen, where more clients are asking us to help them recruit employees.
The UK’s plan to reform the world’s most important lending rate will guide a global drive towards more transparent and reliable pricing for everything from home mortgages and gold to heating oil, regulators said yesterday.
“As people cut back because of the economic crisis, they will switch in greater numbers to budget hotels,” says Lim Meng Ann, China head of Actis, the private equity firm, which recently invested $65m in 7 Days Inn, one of the leading Chinese budget hotel groups.
The bulls took control of financial markets yesterday as a welter of encouraging manufacturing reports from around the world helped put recent concerns about a double-dip recession on the back burner – for now at least.
Much attention has centred on the ballooning debts owed by local governments in China to state banks. Less noticed, though, is the surge in defaults among a vast network of unregulated underground banks in recent months, a development that threatens to further crimp credit supplies to the private sector.
Yet a year later Kohl and his Christian Democrats were voted out of office. The result was a stinging rebuke for Kohl, who died last week. But by then he had already long secured his place in the history books as the “unification chancellor”.
The past week brought news of US double-digit unemployment and the Federal Reserve's decision to maintain near-zero interest rates. Both pieces of news expose the inadequacy of us economic policymaking. The Obama administration's stimulus policies are not well-targeted. The Republican alternatives are even worse. Both sides are missing the key fact: the us economy needs structural change that requires a new set of economic tools.
The clearest manifestation, of course, is in the greater purchasing power of US-bound tourists and shoppers. Anyone able to stomach the security queues and immigration rigmarole can pick up an iPod in New York, holding 20,000 songs, for $349 (&pound 171). The same model retails for &pound 239 in the UK. A Diane von Furstenberg wrap dress selling for $325 in Bloomingdale's, the new york department store, costs almost &pound 100 more in the UK.
Sales and capital spending by japanese companies have grown at their fastest pace since the bubble era, providing much-needed support for the Bank of Japan’s controversial decision in July to raise interest rates from zero.
In an explanatory note the bureau suggested the primary factor behind the fall was a particularly strong El Nino effect, pointing to heavy rains and flooding in most of China’s provinces, particularly those along the Yangtze River Basin, which had impacted production (down 0.4 percentage points to 52.1) and transportation, among other things. But it also acknowledged a marked backslide in market demand.
All 23 policy makers backed the ECB president’s idea to bring back the bank’s balance sheet to levels last seen in 2012, a pledge that mr draghi first floated two months ago but subsequently softened.
Another 173 groups listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen announced trading suspensions after the market closed last night, bringing the total to about 940, or more than a third of all listed companies on the two exchanges.
hong kong activist Joshua Wong has been disqualified from running in local elections next month, the first democratic test of public opinion in the city since protests erupted more than four months ago.
In the 2007-08 crisis, many different kinds of financial institution failed or were saved only by state intervention. Large financial conglomerates &ndash  Citigroup and royal bank of Scotland. investment banks &ndash  Bear Stearns and Lehman. Smaller retail banks without investment banking arms (but with active treasuries) &ndash  northern rock and Sachsen Landesbank. Diversified banks, such as Fortis, and specialist lenders, such as Hypo RE. Public agencies, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. America's largest insurer, AIG. Taxpayers will be footing the bills for a generation.
There is no shortage of evidence to confirm forecasts that the Bric economies - Brazil, Russia, India and China - will account for 50 per cent of global incremental gross domestic product from now until 2030 - meaning that growth companies in those markets will almost certainly become larger and more noticed on world markets.
In a statement posted on its website, the Shanghai Foreign Economic Relations and Trade Commission, which deals with visa applications, said it would not approve the invitation letters needed to secure a business visa until mid-September unless the trip was for “urgent” matters.
Hyundai models have for the first time reached the top-10 rankings of Consumer Reports, the consumer publication. “We've had a remarkable run of third-party validation,” Mr Krafcik says.
Hank Paulson, the us treasury Secretary, will today say what the US needs to do to ensure that its markets remain globally competitive in a landmark speech on capital market regulation.
Chinese carmakers, many of whom have expanded rapidly in recent years, have been lobbying Beijing for support since the country's car sales began to slow dramatically in August.
AW: Yes. Sartre said that every style reveals a metaphysic. My fascination with letting images repeat and repeat – or in film's case “run on” – manifests my belief that we spend much of our lives seeing without observing. Isn't that the true profanity? Watch a man sleep for two minutes? No  why not watch him sleep for six hours? [Warhol alludes to his 1963 film Sleep.] Everything changes even when it doesn't appear to. The meaning of Sleep, you could say, is that there is no stasis in human existence. Nor in nature. In Empire [1964] I filmed the Empire State Building for eight hours. The building didn't change but the daylight did. That has a long and honoured pedigree in art, yet when people are warned that something is “revolutionary”, they don't see the evolutionary. When Monet painted his haystacks or his Rouen cathedrals, no one said, “That's enough,” after the third one.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in a live televised address that his government was going to take measures outlined in a dispute resolution mechanism included in the nuclear deal.
But by then, Hong Kong's long-time rival, Singapore, will have inched ahead to take the number one spot, with 40.7 per cent of its households controlling $1m or more of assets.
“I'm pretty optimistic that the cellphone will get there – it will have the performance, storage capacity, connectivity and the application delivery to do the things that we can do today with our laptops,” he says.
Ownership is an age-old notion. We are comfortable with owning tangible things. But waters get muddied when it comes to owning thoughts – intellectual property. In a world where ideas can be shared instantly, protecting them is a challenge. It is one we must tackle urgently if Britain wants to continue developing and profiting from new technology.
Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democratic presidential candidate, recently unveiled a proposal to fix all that. Her Accountable Capitalism bill would force large US corporations to replace their current state charters with a federal one that requires companies be run for the benefit of all stakeholders, not just stockholders. It would give workers the right to elect 40 per cent of each board of directors. And it would prevent executives and directors who have been lavished with company shares from selling any time soon.
With the White House expected to unveil proposed curbs on chinese business as soon as today, Robert Lighthizer, us trade representative, also offered an olive branch to the EU and other allies, indicating they would not face immediate us tariffs on steel and aluminium imports while they were negotiating possible exemptions.
This goal, set out before the latest UN conference on climate change in the coal-mining centre of Katowice, Poland, is ambitious. Questions remain about how realistic this target is, what it could cost to achieve, and what would be its global impact on climate change — because Europe’s share of world greenhouse gas emissions is only 10 per cent and shrinking.
Can a 23-year old Taiwanese-American help the NBA score more points in China?
I notice that your book, The Undercover Economist, has a list price of &pound 17.99. In it you emphasise that rationality and calculation underlie economic behaviour. If so, why do so many prices end in .99? Do consumers really think that &pound 17.99 is only &pound 17?
You mention coffee, drinks, the gym. Your strategy on these respectively is yes, no and no way. As for the team dinners, you should attend very occasionally and be as charming as you can. Otherwise just say no. Some of your team-mates may even grudgingly respect you for having a sliver of life outside.
Microsoft recently jumped into this game with Silverlight, its new presentation technology that runs in any browser - a break from Microsoft tradition.
China, a country that has become accustomed to double-digit growth, may now be flirting with contraction. Indicators such as electricity usage suggest a sudden, juddering slowdown. Even the imaginative massaging of China's official state statisticians has not been able to hide a slowdown in their analyses.
mr hu restated the government's determination in his speech to recalibrate China's economic model away from growth-at-all-costs into favour of a more “balanced and sustainable” output.
According to people close to the plan, the bank aims to announce the offering – the biggest in Europe this year – on Monday or Tuesday.
Then last April, China finally passed an important milestone on the path to being a market-driven economy by announcing the start of stock index futures trading in mainland China. This is part of a broader transformation of mainland markets that has also included the introduction of a pilot programme of short selling and margin trading of equities this year.
Ownership structures matter. You can see immediately that managing these different kinds of businesses are distinct tasks. The manager of a freehouse has a clear sense of ownership. It is his or her business and nobody else's. The person running a managed house is an employee of the pub company or brewery and is part of a larger whole. It should be possible for the pub manager to establish some sort of corporate feeling or identity and for his or her employees to work towards a common goal.
You see, I have a great and somewhat unabashed affection for personalised monogramming. If you are tempted to stop reading now, I wouldn't blame you. I just cannot seem to help myself.
The IMF said total losses and writedowns would reach about $945bn, based on market prices in mid-March. Banks would suffer slightly more than half the total losses, with the rest falling on insurance companies, pension funds, hedge funds and other investors.
Almost 20 years ago, the columnist David Brooks caught the spirit of the age. His book Bobos in Paradise hailed the marriage between bohemian 1960s radicals and the money-chasing bourgeoisie of the 1980s. They had merged into the Clintons. In place of America’s Episcopalian elites came the meritocratic establishment. Anyone with talent could join. “From each according to his abilities, to each according to his abilities,” wrote Mr Brooks.
The move was announced on Tuesday by Barack Obama’s administration, which charged that since China set the antidumping and countervailing duties against US chicken parts last September, American exports of those products had tumbled by 90 per cent, adversely affecting 300,000 producers and workers in the supply chain.
“The industry will be better served by having a more credible alternative in search and advertising,” said Kevin Johnson, the executive in charge of Microsoft's online operations.
chinese regulators have now approved a change in the legal structure that will allow Chubb to take its stake above 50 per cent. This marks the first time an existing domestic insurer has converted to a so-called “Sino-foreign joint venture”.
Rupert Murdoch, previously one of the keenest courters of Chinese regulatory favour, 2005 accused Beijing of being paranoid and admitted News Corp's China business had "hit a brick wall".
Most frauds are hard to detect from the outside. If someone is determined to conceal malfeasance, and is intelligent, he can fix the figures and concoct a cover story that works for a long time. mr madoff managed to pull it off – and maintain a glowing reputation – for decades.
Mr Kremmel is recounting the story over steak and wine in the canteen of a factory he co-owns in Heshan city, 70km from Guangzhou, capital of the manufacturing powerhouse Guangdong province. The bon vivant chairman of KTC, which owns the factory, visits regularly when not in Hong Kong, Austria, or on his farms in the UK and Tuscany.
Even so, some commentators have suggested that mr wen may have shortened his planned visit to three days because of annoyance over Mr Abe's remarks.
“I left Downing St and went to see Tony in his office,” he said.
The paper details how prices for us treasury inflation-linked securities – government bonds that provide protection against rising prices – and regular treasury bonds were thrown out of sync by as much as 23 cents on the dollar following the collapse of Lehman Brothers two years ago this week.
Amy Coney Barrett was confirmed by the us senate on Monday night in a vote largely along party lines, giving president donald trump his third supreme court justice just a week before election day.
Hence proposals from policymakers, including a stimulus package of active fiscal policy and neutral-to-loose monetary policy. However, it is important to see the bigger picture. Substantial improvements to China’s financing structure are essential.
Analysts said the document would be crucial if CO2 emissions are to peak before 2030 and reach net zero by 2060, targets mr xi announced in September.
“Stunned” might have been a better word — and one that observers are tossing around a great deal right now, as America’s political race hots up. Until recently, the type of people who dine in swanky Manhattan restaurants tended to dismiss donald trump as a joke  his angry, populist campaign slogans were so inflammatory that they seemed unlikely to gain wide appeal.
The $500m investment round also drew the backing of private equity firms Trustbridge Partners and Hony Capital, according to people with knowledge of the deal.
Users of Twitter post short messages – up to 140 characters – that can be viewed either on a website or on mobile phones. “Twitter probably wouldn't have existed before blogging, when people learned to be more transparent,” Mr Mayfield added.
The mammoth order, which is worth an estimated €30bn, was one of 15 commercial agreements and a further 13 cultural and other deals signed by the two sides during Mr Xi’s visit to France this week.
Your impending sacking — or your permanent move to golf course or garden — will supposedly be given away by two key indicators: an ominous lack of future-focus in your writing  a surfeit of negative emotion  or both.
Deutsche's figures say the Global Agribusiness A2 Fund has risen by 5.5 per cent in the past six months and has outperformed the broader hong kong market. In the same period the hang seng index fell by 12.5 per cent and showed volatility of 42 per cent compared to the Deutsche fund's volatility of 23 per cent.
Then there are flows of money. The new breed of chinese retail investors had already piled into the Shanghai and shenzhen stock exchanges, inflating share prices.
PetroChina, the country's biggest company, fell by 3.3 per cent to Rmb15.37 and its rival oil company, Sinopec, lost 3.4 per cent to Rmb11.52.
The moves by Nomura and Citigroup reflect the growing importance of London's location at the crossroads of the European, Asian and US timezones and its large share of trading in markets such as foreign exchange and precious metals.
Yet, as Mr Pence’s comments made clear, not all the movement’s demands were realised. Thus this year, while there are no legal bans on African-American voting in the presidential election, there is deep concern about voter suppression. These concerns flow directly from a 2013 supreme court decision which invalidated parts of the 1965 voting act.
warren buffett is famous for being the most fabulously successful investor ever. That his skill in making money is matched by his willingness to give it away makes his son’s diatribe against philanthropy all the more astonishing.
The Fed also cut its discount rate 25 basis points to 5 per cent. The Fed lends at its discount window in its capacity as a lender of last resort.
mr guo warned speculators against attempting to short the Chinese currency. hedge fund manager Kyle Bass has attracted Beijing’s ire for loudly betting against the yuan, during recent years when real growth in the chinese economy slowed sharply.
There have been discordant notes, including online commentary focusing on the difficulty of being sure that donations will be well spent, with the corruption that pervades Chinese bureaucracy.
The numbers of Chinese who petition in search of redress ranging from compensation for seized land to justice for murdered relatives is staggering. Over 6m Chinese submitted petitions in the legally approved way in the first 10 months of 2013, according to the bureaucracy set up to receive their complaints.
Konstantin Kosachev, chairman of the international affairs committee of the Russian Duma, says that president vladimir Putin's strongly-worded speech in Munich last month criticising US unilateralism was not a declaration of a new cold war. Instead, it was a call for the White House to return to a multilateral framework for resolving issues such as Iran and North Korea's nuclear programmes, or the future of the breakaway Serbian province of Kosovo.
These people add that the new york Fed today has a clear preference to turn toward an insider. “They want someone who is familiar with how the sausage is made,” says one former Fed official.
The LSE, which derives 26 per cent of its revenues from “information services” including selling its market data, opposes any single consolidated tape. “There is an abundance of innovation in the provision of data services – at the exchange level and at the vendor level – leading to multiple solutions,” it said.
“There is less money in the market with the reduction in the number of debt-backed investors now active,” said David Hutchings, head of research at Cushman & Wakefield.
.....................................................................................................................b
China’s latest economic output data that will be published on Monday will probably present Xi Jinping’s administration with another opportunity to trumpet the country’s rapid recovery from the coronavirus pandemic.
The US risks compounding the mistake it made by not joining a new China-backed asian infrastructure bank if Republicans in Congress go through with a threat to shut down the country’s export credit agency, GE’s top international executive has warned.
China National Aviation Corp, which owns 12 per cent of CEA's Hong Kong-listed shares, said it could not accept the proposed SIA investment unless the price was raised.
Mr Simon cites Hong Kong's efficient airport, its good schools and the ease of hiring domestic helpers as examples of such factors. Others include the city's multiculturalism and its appeal to fund managers of different nationalities.
Philip Hammond’s plans for a trade mission to Beijing have been thrown into doubt by a “gunboat diplomacy” row sparked by Gavin Williamson’s assertion that he would send a new aircraft carrier into China’s backyard.
The US still peers over a fiscal cliff, Europe staggers forward preventing crises King Canute-style with fingers in the dyke but no compelling growth strategy, and Japan remains stagnant and content if it can grow at all.
BMW is working with China’s CATL, the world’s largest battery producer.
I change the subject as I don't want to get bogged down in matters of British history. I want to talk first about his role in advising governments on economic reforms in latin america and eastern Europe. There was a time, particularly in the late 1980s and early 1990s, when no self-respecting government of a middle-income or ex- communist country would instigate a reform programme without Sachs's advice. So, as our starters of lentil soup and one juicy scallop in a mild saffron sauce arrive, I rather blunder into my first question: "Looking at the countries you advised in the early 1990s, those countries are not now doing very well, are they?"
Three clear messages have emerged.
One curious facet to this debate is that almost nobody I have met in the banking or political world appears to have actually read much (let alone all) of those financial reform bills. Little wonder. Senator Chris Dodd's basic bill currently runs to more than 1,300 pages, with more than 300 on derivatives alone. Numerous counter proposals are floating around, too. It is a truly intimidating volume of paper, even before you start trying to talk about how centralised clearing houses, say, might actually work.
The “new socialist countryside” where capitalist entrepreneurs farm collective land meets the state’s goals of larger farms while providing a small but steady income for elderly villagers too frail to work.
“I am here, I am visible. America should give that reward money to me,” Mr Saeed said. “I will be in Lahore tomorrow . . . America can contact me whenever it wants to.”
Sophy Roberts co-authors the FT's hotel review column ‘Check Out', writes the Travelista column for the FT's How to Spend It magazine and is editor at large of Departures magazine/i
The amount may be tiny, at just 3 per cent of the chinese ecommerce group’s $7.7bn quarterly revenues, but for analysts, the parallel was clear. Amazon Web Services, launched in 2006, went from zero to three-quarters of the US ecommerce group’s operating profit over the next decade. AWS, with $11bn of sales last year, is the world’s biggest cloud business.
The market value of the national team’s holdings declined to 7.3 per cent of tradeable market capitalisation at the end of June from 11.9 per cent at the end of 2015, according to financial times analysis of data from Wind Information, a research firm. In value terms, the team’s holdings fell Rmb345bn ($52bn) to Rmb2.76tn — a decline of 11.5 per cent.
credit rating agencies have been among the whipping boys of the financial crisis. They have been criticised for what they were responsible for &ndash  awarding triple A ratings to securitised debt products they did not understand. They have been criticised for what they were not responsible for &ndash  investors' overreliance on ratings to guide investments. And they have been criticised for their &ldquo issuer pays&rdquo  business model, which even agencies admit is riddled with conflicts of interest. But, until recently, they had not been criticised as investments. David Einhorn, the hedge fund manager who questioned Lehman's solvency, revealed last week he held a large Moody's short position.
Zen Internet was founded in 1995 after Mr Tang and his brother came up with the idea over a few pints of beer in a pub in their home town of Rochdale, an old mill town a few miles north of Manchester, and gambled that internet access was destined for the mainstream. Having launched the business, Mr Tang lived in fear that a large group such as BT would spot an opportunity to dominate the nascent market for internet access and he was right.
Even big cities can struggle if they overspecialise. Liverpool and Manchester are examples. Birmingham, on the other hand, has always been a city bustling away making everything and nothing in particular. As the late author Jane Jacobs once pointed out, Birmingham was thought highly inefficient compared with the specialised mills of Manchester, but when the downturn came Manchester was devastated and Birmingham kept on chugging along.
Samak Sundaravej, Thailand’s prime minister, was yesterday ordered to step down by the country’s Constitutional Court after it ruled he had violated conflict of interest rules by taking office while working as a television chef.
To evaluate the market and determine whether the funds' strategies are viable, Mr Gilmartin of AWD Chase de Vere and others rely on statistics provided by Liv-ex, an electronic trading platform for wine companies. Further sources of information are US and UK merchants and brokers and the Bordeaux negociant network.
Europe’s top investment banks lost ground to their US rivals on almost every financial measure last year, but the continent’s top banking executives remain convinced they can deliver growth in important areas this year.
China has completed construction of the world’s largest radio telescope — a man-made bowl cut into the mountains of southern Guizhou province which will scan the heavens for clues as to the origins of the universe and signs of intelligent life.
“Releasing liquidity can activate some credit flows, but it’s still too early to call this broad-based stimulus,” said Shao Yu, chief economist at Orient Securities in Shanghai. “This is more about replenishing liquidity than fully opening the floodgates. Right now deleveraging is still the main emphasis.”
“In our view, the chinese economy is undergoing a natural and necessary economic transition as the government places greater emphasis on controlling long-term inflation over injecting short-term economic stimulus.”
Are the markets mad? Yes, insist the wise folk: the biggest risk is not slump, as markets fear, but default. Yet if markets get the prices of such governments’ bonds so wrong, why should one ever take them seriously?
In simple numbers, Portugal’s plight is not excessively burdensome. RBS Markets reckons Lisbon needs €80bn to bail it out, well within the funding capacity of existing EU financing mechanisms. A new Portuguese government could be required to negotiate any rescue financing package. But when the money comes, it should be cheaper than market funding, which at present rates would cost Portugal an additional 200 basis points in interest. Mr Sócrates could have acted sooner to secure both his austerity measures and the external financing. But it is still not too late for Portugal, provided it undertakes the drastic structural reforms needed to breathe life into its sclerotic economy.
Technology is either perfecting the world or destroying it. There is nothing in between. At least, that’s what I used to hear.
The answer is not to overthrow the market economy, undo globalisation or halt technological change. It is to do what has been done many times in the past: reform capitalism. That is the argument I made in a recent debate with former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis on whether liberal capitalism should be saved. I argued, in effect, that “if we want everything to stay the same, everything must change”, as the Italian author Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa wrote. If we want to preserve our freedom and democracy we need to embrace change. Here are five policy areas that need to be addressed.
In some sense, both these men were centre-left. But such a classification covers huge differences more important to human welfare than the conventional left-right arguments on economic matters. I would instinctively prefer David Miliband to his brother Ed as leader of the UK Labour opposition  but my doubt is that he might be nearer to Jackson than to Cobden.
“There is still a lot of fear and turmoil in the financial markets,” said David Viniar, chief financial officer of Goldman Sachs, after his firm reported the biggest drop in profits since its 1999 listing.
The fall in commodities prices, if sustained, could push down inflationary pressures both in developed and developing economies, analysts said. Until now, rising commodity prices have led to pressures on inflation, reducing central banks' room of manoeuvre to insulate their economies from the impact of the credit squeeze.
Pedro Passos Coelho, Portugal’s prime minister, said on Sunday the government would have to make big cuts in spending on health, education and social security to keep the country’s €78bn bailout programme on track after the constitutional court rejected austerity measures considered essential to meeting mandatory deficit targets.
&ldquo Everything I say is a lie&rdquo  has long been a favourite puzzle for philosophy students. But it took a Hungarian politician to turn a logical conundrum into a political strategy. Ferenc Gyurcs&aacute ny's admission in 2006 to a closed session of the Hungarian Socialist party that he had &ldquo lied morning, noon and night&rdquo  to win the election, was swiftly leaked. It provoked riots in Hungary.
If the idea of Chinese-owned Oregon wind farms cut too close for comfort for the US, is Russian-owned oil and gasoline trading really going to sail through?
The Beijing Number 1 Intermediate People’s Court found Xu Zhiyong, 40, guilty of organising protests. His lawyer and supporters have described the trial as a “laughing stock”, and said the result was preordained by the chinese communist party.
The next step should be to move the relationship beyond conflict- prevention to move into constructive areas such as pollution control that will benefit both countries as well as the wider world. mr hu and Mr Fukuda have made a good start, for it will be hard for either country to turn the clock back to the time of the fruitless hostility that prevailed in the Koizumi era.
The country's finance ministry said it would issue Rmb6bn ($879m) of bonds in hong kong on September 28, in a move to &ldquo improve the international status&rdquo  of the currency and to help mainland companies raise funds in the offshore bond market.
South Korea’s Park Geun-hye on Friday morning denied involvement in a religious cult and vowed to accept an independent investigation into claims of corruption and influence peddling that have shook her presidency.
Think “responsive government” with Chinese characteristics. Like Communism, it sounds like such a good idea: who needs democracy if we can get our every need met without even taking off our slippers?
Enter China. Ken Rogoff of Harvard cheekily characterised the vast Chinese accumulation of us treasury bonds over the past five years as the biggest foreign assistance programme in history. Why not push that further? Here is a thought experiment.
Then, and only then, are the important developing countries likely to be drawn into an effective framework. But they will not agree to the same limits as the high-income countries - and rightly so. Not only have they not caused the problem, but they have overriding development objectives.
Michael Spencer, the former conservative party treasurer who founded the company, has previously publicly downplayed the group’s role in the Libor scandal. Shortly after Barclays settled in June with the regulator over Libor rigging he said that the global regulatory investigations were not a “high concern” as his company was not “front and forward” in investigations and not directly involved in setting the rate.
Chery announced last year ambitious plans to begin selling a range of cars in the US and Europe from 2007 and signed a deal with Visionary Vehicles, whose founder, Malcolm Bricklin, was responsible for bringing the Yugo to the US.
Even investors who dislike other parts of China’s ecosystem love their tech and internet companies.
Once again, Nye begs to differ, arguing the case for America’s continued dominance on the basis of its political, economic, cultural and diplomatic strengths. The fact that, back in 1990, Nye was correct to debunk the idea that America was on the slide is just one good reason to take his new book seriously. His writing is illuminated by a calm authority and the ability to clarify issues by breaking them down into their constituent parts.
A US consortium is in talks with the british government about reviving a recently-abandoned project to build a nuclear power plant at Wylfa in north Wales.
While 40 per cent of applications in Islamabad and more than half of applications in Lagos were turned down, just 5 per cent of hopefuls submitting forms in Istanbul were refused access.
Wandering around the tents pitched outside London’s St Paul’s Cathedral, I reflected on how fortunate the banks are in their enemies.
Shanghai Fosun Pharma has agreed to pay $1.1bn for an 86 per cent stake in Indian drugmaker Gland Pharma, in the largest Indian corporate takeover by a Chinese company.
In energy-intensive industries, rolled steel production was up year-on-year 26 per cent  alumina 54 per cent and aluminium 43 per cent.
If the new fund gets close to $6bn, it will be one of the biggest launches ever, rivalling the $6bn Convexity Capital, created last year by Jack Meyer, former head of the Harvard endowment.
Trouble is, the share of private consumption in China’s GDP is inordinately low – just about 33 per cent. Moreover it has come down in the past decade or so from about 45 per cent of GDP to 33 per cent today. By contrast, in most economies, including some of China’s east asian neighbours, private consumption is about 50 per cent of GDP.
Historically, Chinatowns have been a distinctive feature of many city centres, seemingly impervious to gentrification and constantly rising property prices. But mr chen is voicing a fear, felt in Chinatowns from London to San Francisco, that the struggle to keep up with rising rents and other challenges will prompt these vibrant communities to disappear.
The recent drop in agricultural commodity prices had not altered this view, as food prices remained well above historical levels, analysts said.
The number of Americans who have successfully filed claims and been approved for unemployment insurance rose to 11 per cent of the entire workforce by April 11 — the highest on record.
There are few data series that go back 30, let alone 50, years. GDP figures, the most basic of data series, exist for under less than half the member countries for a period as recent as the early 1980s.
Mr Putin, who has governed Russia since 2000, must step down as president in 2024 under the present constitution, but some political analysts have suggested he may seek to extend his rule, potentially in the role of a prime minister with beefed-up powers.
Travel through most Asian airports these days and you are invariably greeted by advertising extolling the prowess of that city as a cutting-edge financial centre.
Friday’s actions from Standard and Poor’s were hardly the biggest surprise in the financial universe: the ratings agency warned in December that eurozone nations were in danger of being downgraded.
Belle operates and owns more than 2,500 stores on the mainland and in Hong Kong, of which 1,000 stores are under its flagship Belle brand while the rest operate under the names Teenmix, Staccato and Joy & Peace.
international trade is currently measured in what is known as gross value. The total commercial value of an import is assigned to a single country of origin, as the good reaches customs. This worked fine when economist David Ricardo was alive: 200 years ago Portugal was trading wine “made in Portugal” for English textile “made in England”. But today the concept of country of origin is obsolete. What we call “made in China” is indeed assembled in China, but its commercial value comes from those numerous countries that precede its assembly. It no longer makes sense to think of trade in terms of “them” and “us.”
west texas Intermediate jumped more than $3 to a nominal record of $97.07 a barrel and traders warned it might test the $100-a-barrel level as soon as today if US crude oil inventories show another weekly decline.
Donald Trump’s decision to sign the hong kong human rights and Democracy Act into law will further complicate the world’s most important bilateral diplomatic relationship.
UBS walked away from a $4.4bn deal to take a Dalian Wanda unit into private ownership despite initially proposing the move — leaving the way clear for a rival chinese bank to take the lead financial adviser role.
A senior chinese foreign ministry official, speaking before the G8 summit, said the two countries had maintained “close consultations” about which policies developing countries should adopt on global warming.
Japan’s central bank on Thursday held overnight interest rates at minus 0.1 per cent, its target for ten-year bond yields at around zero per cent, and the pace of its asset purchases at a pace of ¥80tn ($740bn) a year.
chinese officials have met representatives of the exiled tibetan spiritual leader six times since 2002, but the talks foundered last year, and then were put on hold after the suppression of sometimes violent protests in the remote Himalayan region in March.
Producer Sony pointedly never discusses its business arrangements between Bond and onscreen fashion brands. An initial offer to the financial times of an interview with costume designer Jany Temime was withdrawn when it was clear there would be questions relating to brand partnerships. Tom Ford — who has been responsible for Bond’s suits since Quantum of Solace in 2008, and has designed six styles of suit for the new movie, including the ivory Windsor peak lapel tuxedo jacket (£2,530) and black O’Connor evening trousers (£850) — was “unavailable for interview”.Burberry, which runs a military-like communications operation from its headquarters in a former government building in Westminster, and has reportedly dressed Andrew Scott (who plays Denbigh) in Spectre, said their involvement is “not something they are flagging”.
Shares of stockbrokers retreated sharply, reflecting a decline in market volumes to around a third of the level a year ago. Haitong Securities fell 10 per cent to Rmb19.37 and Citic Securities lost 8.6 per cent to Rmb20.
Other bankrupt companies &ndash  where the value of shares is usually close to zero because equity investors are compensated only after all creditors have been repaid &ndash  have also seen a frenzy of trading in the last few days.
The former Florida governor, who abandoned his own White House ambitions after failing to gain any traction, said he was backing Mr Cruz “for the sake of our party and country”, as he took aim at Mr Trump, the clear Republican frontrunner.
Rong Tai Steel, Mr Wang's immediate neighbour, “just reopened today”, he says. Another steel mill, belching smoke in the distance across a bleak winter field, reopened last month. And one across the street plans to resume full production soon. “The workers are coming back,” says Mr Wang, whose own plant, Sheng Da Steel, is idled due to technical problems. Outside the gates of Rong Tai Steel, at lunchtime, workers from the newly reopened mills crouch on low plastic stools to gulp lunch from makeshift roadside street vendors selling steaming bowls of noodles, happy to have their jobs back.
Wang Yu-theng, the Rebar founder, and his wife fled to the US in January after two Rebar flagship companies filed for insolvency. The move triggered a run on the group's Chinese Bank, which became insolvent soon after and has since been taken over by the government.
european business representatives have slammed chinese regulators for unfairly targeting foreign companies in a series of recent corruption and monopoly investigations.
Women often leave IT careers after having children – with those who return often finding it difficult to regain their place on the ladder. There is a widespread – and possibly misplaced – belief that IT moves so fast that women who take a year out cannot catch up again: “In talking to women anecdotally there's a view that at first they're too young and then suddenly they're too old,” says Val Singh, reader in corporate diversity management at Cranfield University.
According to research from Symantec, the software security group, 54 per cent of businesses have no specific policies in place relating to the use and management of e-mail, instant messaging and voice over internet protocol.
Telefónica/b, the world's fourth largest telecoms company, has expressed confidence that it will become the strategic partner of bChina Unicom, China's second biggest mobile phone operator.
“I don’t think it’s going to cross,” mr liu said. “The government was focused on containing financial risks from late 2016 to the middle of this year, but since May there has been a policy shift,” with the central bank cutting commercial banks’ reserve ratios four times this year and pushing down market interest rates.
IBMwill join the fray this week by announcing a partnership with
But the change in its “easing bias” marked one of the final steps Mario Draghi, ECB president, must go through before winding up a programme launched three years ago as the eurozone struggled to recover from its catastrophic debt crisis. It also comes amid a global effort by central banks to return to pre-crisis policymaking, a shift that has unnerved financial markets accustomed to years of massive emergency stimulus from the ECB, us federal reserve and Bank of Japan.
But this could be dangerous, both for senior executives and the organisations that they lead. As Manfred Kets de Vries, a professor at Insead business school, shows in a new book, the psychological condition of leaders can have a profound impact on all those who work under them.
However, bureaucracy – particularly from Customs officials – and transport infrastructure both remain worse inland than in the highly-developed coastal region. The sector's dominance by inefficient, state-owned enterprises is also more marked inland.
Euroclear has  delayed a decision on its ownership structure until the first quarter of next year after disagreement between shareholders over the future of the company. This has deterred some potential private equity buyers, including Hellman & Friedman, CVC Capital Partners and GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund.
investor sentiment towards China's currency has turned sharply negative since a surprise devaluation in August, amid unprecedented capital outflows and concern about the health of the economy. Concern over China's currency policy sparked a global market sell-off early this year.
In an interview with the Financial Times, Mr England said he has joined Amerilink because he was “very impressed” by the company’s plans to offer US carriers independent verification that technology manufactured abroad could be used in US communications systems securely.
A Chinese businessman has agreed to buy Aston Villa, marking the second time in just over six months that chinese investors have put money into English football.
“US graduate schools establishing collaborative degree programmes with institutions overseas is one response to increasing global competition,” she said.
However, regional experts fear the visit, which comes amid rising alarm over North Korea‘s nuclear weapons programme and Chinese assertiveness in the south china Sea, could be undermined by the “America First” rhetoric employed by new us president donald Trump.
Mr Galperín says Ebay has gained insights into how to adapt its model to developing countries. Yet, MercadoLibre is no carbon copy of Ebay. Almost 80 per cent of sales are new merchandise and about 90 per cent of products are sold at fixed prices, often through small businesses. There is also a search engine that sorts items by relevance.
This is one ‘memorandum of understanding' that should blossom immediately. Official confirmation of the tie-up awaited the rubber-stamp from China's State Council, effectively giving it the highest seal of approval.
The decision by HSBC to remain in London rather than up sticks to hong kong should surprise no one except for credulous Canary Wharf estate agents and anxious uk government officials. The bank says its strategic focus will remain on Asia. If so, it should consider reflecting that bias in its boardroom.
Two important arguments need to be kept in mind when examining risks that can affect the entire financial system. First, systemic risk is only in small part correlated with size. The failure of a small or medium-sized bank can trigger a systemic crisis, as Britain’s northern rock showed. There are also several large banks, and I would count Santander among them, that have acted as systemic stabilisers by dint of their ability to absorb other failing institutions and maintain lending throughout a crisis.
The People’s Bank of China, the central bank, said yesterday it had launched a pilot project to allow greater foreign access to its largely closed domestic interbank bond market to “encourage cross-border renminbi trade settlement” and “broaden investment channels for renminbi to flow back [to China]”.
As a result, the company, whose developments are concentrated in Beijing, has shifted its focus to commercial property development. According to Soho China's website, its projects in the capital's central business district encompass more than 1.5m sq m, accounting for more than 20 per cent of construction and 39 per cent of total sales in the area.
It is also challenging to promote mutual prosperity when economies run on different fuels. The interests of a commodities exporter are quite different from an importer, for example.
So he left to start Sort, a provider of online advice, in 1998. “We did a lot of market research and found that people were willing to pay a fee for advice online. The research was invaluable – I've still got the tapes in the garage. So with two other guys I started Sort with a &pound 15,000 loan – which felt like a lot at the time.”
Peter Mandelson, the EU's trade commissioner, told the FT that the US and EU were closer to an agreement than is commonly thought. “After a series of meetings of senior officials it is clear that the gap between us on agriculture is no longer such to dismiss hope of a successful outcome. We are not that far apart to give up on the process.”
US prosecutors charged four Chinese individuals and a chinese company with conspiring to evade us economic sanctions on north korea by establishing a web of shell companies that funnelled hundreds of millions of dollars through the US financial system.
borrowing costs for highly rated states, cities and other public entities in the US have dropped from the crisis levels of last year to below historical norms, reflecting demand from retail investors as well as federal subsidies for the $2,700bn municipal bond market.
Is the us recession over? A handful of bullish economists are starting to claim that it is, or that it very soon will be.
China's state-owned airlines have warned they will slip into the red in the third quarter, in spite of falling fuel costs, as losses mount from currency and energy hedging.
Pakistan could have the third biggest arsenal of nuclear weapons, after the US and Russia, within a decade if it continues to produce up to 20 nuclear warheads annually, a report warns.
Ultimately, ms wang believes the key to ironing out these issues is greater transparency. To this end, her organisation has built a database for China’s listed companies’ environmental, social and governance risks.
The external “skilled persons report” is focusing in particular on the Pru’s investment bank advisers, Credit Suisse, JPMorgan and HSBC, and whether they discharged their duties properly.
The figure, which came in well below expectations of a 0.3 per cent fall, is a fresh blow to prime minister shinzo Abe’s efforts to end deflation and revitalise economic growth.
The increase, due to high crude prices, is equal to a loss of income of about 0.5 per cent of OECD gross domestic product, according to the IEA.
The euro crisis is not over, but one important shift has taken place. The policy debate has concluded. The decision not to set up a common backstop for the eurozone’s banks has closed the last window for any form of debt mutualisation as a tool of crisis resolution. All of the adjustment will take place through austerity and price deflation in the periphery. Most of the adjustment still lies ahead. Furthermore, it has been decided that debt burdens will be reduced by paying them off – not by inflation, default or debt forgiveness.
DP World, the Dubai-controlled group, encountered these problems when it tried to take control of the management of some US ports as part of its acquisition of P&O, the UK group. This is only likely to increase.
Giving people more rights over their land title – by, for example, extending the lease to 70 years – could help counter such chicanery. But any new rules, if not carefully formulated and, above all, enforced, could provide a one-off opportunity for mass expropriation.
One official familiar with the action said it was part of the “China initiative” that Jeff Sessions established earlier this year just before he was fired as attorney-general.
China's sports chiefs have moved to cool expectations that the world's most populous nation will win a record haul of gold medals when it hosts next year's Olympics.
The danger here, as Mr Campbell explains, is that we can be misled by this process of “pattern recognition”. Our recollection of past events can be coloured by our emotional response to them (“emotional tagging”). “We are particularly at risk of making a bad decision when our experience is misleading,” he says.
But these are not easy arguments to explain. In a worst-case scenario, Congress could react to a Fed decision to adopt an inflation target by holding hostile hearings or introducing legislation imposing a matching target for unemployment. Rather than risk this outcome, mr bernanke will wait until he is confident there will not be a hostile backlash in Congress.
Japan’s central bank is set to move its inflation forecast for the 2015 fiscal year down several tenths of a percentage point from the current 1 per cent and shave its growth forecast from the ­current 2.1 per cent, even as its quantitative easing programme buys Y80tn worth of bonds each month.
He has to finish a meeting, which gives me time to have a look around. The house doubles as his office but could also double as Dr Who's Tardis: from the outside it resembles a modestly sized bungalow but inside it is large, bright and airy. Apart from a few designer sofas and expensive-looking floral arrangements, the room is empty, while light floods in through floor-to-ceiling windows. There is a sun terrace and swimming pool outside and, on a clear day, the house would offer excellent views of Century City, the high-rise commercial area of los angeles that used to be part of the 20th Century Fox studio lot. But it is smoggy and not much can be seen.
Shhhh... how can I say?” Mr Kurata of the Japan School Lunch Research and Reform Association sucked the air through his teeth as he began to explain, with mild embarrassment, that anyone working in, or even visiting, a school kitchen in Japan must by law take a stool test every other month to prove that they are completely free of any disease. I'm not sure whether to giggle like a schoolgirl or be impressed by the rigorous health standards of this great Japanese cultural institution. Imagine Jamie Oliver, who exposed the shocking standards of British school lunches a couple of years ago, being put through such an ordeal.
The trend has been fuelled by rising equity markets as well as strong recent after-market performances of recent IPOs, with shares in the five largest flotations up an average of 20 per cent this year.
According to the government, the bounty from an improved tax system is not over yet. It is pencilling in a 25 per cent year-on-year increase in gross tax revenues for 2008-2009. Expenditure, meantime, is expected to increase just 20 per cent. The trouble is that this does not capture all New Delhi's largesse. Take subsidies, which are equivalent to 1.1 per cent of GDP and 8 per cent of total expenditure. Not all of these are captured in the budget and the burden will swell due to higher food and oil costs.
China’s currency is rapidly becoming globally important. Figures yesterday showed the renminbi again passing the euro as the second currency for trade finance, although the dollar still dominates with 80 per cent of lending. China is also on a slow boat to fully liberalised exchange rates.
Barack Obama, US president, will portray his state visit next week to India as a big net producer of jobs for the American economy, with several us companies expected to seal deals worth billions of dollars, say senior officials.
China is expected to release its November data tomorrow. While its exports have held up much more strongly than most economists had expected, increasing by 19 per cent in October, a Chinese newspaper reported at the weekend that preliminary figures showed exports last month declined from 2007. This would set off alarm bells in Beijing if it proved to be a true picture of export performance.
Every province and municipality in China has announced a rise in its minimum wage this year, with increases ranging from 12 per cent to Beijing’s 21 per cent.
The course correction reflects president xi Jinping’s increased room to manoeuvre following a five-yearly communist party congress in which he consolidated his political power. The party leadership enshrined Mr Xi’s name and signature slogans in its constitution alongside those of Mao Zedong, while declining to designate a Xi successor, whose presence might have diluted the president’s authority.
An Indian cricket painting went for £260,000. The cricket bat with which Dhoni hit the runs that won the world cup in March went for £60,000. The winner was so overwhelmed that, when he took possession from Dhoni himself, he upped his own bid, and paid £100,000.
Economists said the global purchasing managers’ index, compiled by JPMorgan and Markit, and published yesterday, suggested the foundations for a sustainable recovery were being laid. “When you look at the level of the new orders index that gives an encouraging signal that the pick-up in activity is going to stay strong,” said David Hensley, director of global economics at JPMorgan Chase Bank. Other data released towards the end of last year also pointed to a rise in demand, he said.
"We have problems filling these posts as quickly as we would like," he says. "But we have complained long enough about it in Germany. Now we have to find a solution."
One recent Saturday, Stephen Elop went to his office overlooking the ice-bound Baltic Sea at Nokia’s headquarters in Espoo, Finland, and started writing. “Hello there,” he began, in the cheery manner of corporate missives from chief executive to employees. But there was nothing ordinary about the 1,200 words that followed.
“It's too terrible to watch,” he complains. “And as a test-user I'm not getting enough attention from China Mobile. They don't seem to care about this stuff.”
Crises have always led to intense discussion of the role of the state. The present one should be no exception. The immediate danger has not passed: just look at events in the eurozone. But the time has come to look at longer-run implications of the crisis. This is particularly important when one considers fiscal consolidation. On this I make a simple point: it is not just about debt  it must also be about assets.
China has halted the production of some bullet trains, the first public action to show that Beijing has slowed its ambitious high-speed rail programme after a fatal collision last month.
But defence officials and analysts say the rhetorical battle against Beijing's territorial ambitions in the south china sea obscures the fact that China has succeeded in changing the status quo in these resource-rich waters.
“The investment bank and the private bank used to be run as silos and the two units did not speak to each other,” said Mr Berchtold. “In the past, we were our own enemy because we never delivered services in an integrated fashion.”
If readers are in short supply, there are book producers aplenty. To the crowds of sallow, exhausted editors, agents, publicity teams and rights managers arriving at the event straight from early-morning flights and following a night of Man Booker Prize parties in London, the fair's layout must have been disorienting. Were they seeing double or was this the airport all over again? The fair's central terminal - a bigger, bulkier pastiche of Santiago Calatrava's building in Bilbao - hosts the German-language trade publishing houses  the English-speaking zone has been shunted into one of the less pleasant hangars. The control tower stand-in is the 256ft Messeturm, which, when it was completed in 1991, was Europe's tallest building. Frankfurt got into the trade-fair business back in medieval times and has been hosting book fairs since Gutenburg, but this particular iteration was brought to life as a postwar effort to rebuild Germany.
Japan is a long way from beating France as the world’s top tourist destination – the latter attracts about 75m visitors a year – but the japanese government is, nonetheless, pushing tourism as a strategic industry and has set a target of 10m visitors by 2010.
The billionaire philanthropist said he had invested about $1bn in dozens of early-stage companies — including battery, next generation nuclear and free air carbon capture — hoping they would develop “breakthrough” technologies.
9 per cent in the first half of this – is itself already slowing, Credit Suisse notes. After all, urbanisation continues apace. Steelmakers have had to boost production to cope with the state housing programme. That spells continued demand for iron ore and coking coal for Anglo American, BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Vale.
Now, with prodding from Beijing, foreign carmakers are beginning to do more design and engineering work in China.
JPMorgan's low-ball bid means that Bear's employees, who own about a third of its equity, have collectively lost billions. With their initial shock now turning to anger and bitterness – and a desperate hope that someone will emerge with a better offer – some now argue that Bear was treated unfairly by the Federal Reserve.
Mounting problems in the personal computer business have greatly increased the likelihood that 2009 will bring the first decline in PC sales since 2001, according to industry analysts.
GNP is not an all-encompassing measure of welfare  it simply measures the size of the economy. There are many things important to our wellbeing that are not captured by it. Those things need to be sustained by a strong civil society and democratically accountable, well-run government. If we cannot make convincing cases for them without “scientific proof” that they make people happy, we are morally adrift. Government does not fail because it does not measure happiness  it fails when its energies are misdirected on the basis of poor quality information.
The french government has unveiled pro-business measures to liberalise the country’s dysfunctional jobs market, in an early test of president emmanuel Macron’sdetermination to reform the eurozone’s second-largest economy amid sinking approval ratings.
Brazil has been the laggard in both stock market and economic growth terms, not helped by interest rates that peaked at 19.75 per cent in 2005 and are still a chunky 13.25 per cent.
John Philpott, economist at the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development, said that many people with qualifications were not being used well by employers “still operating in low-quality, low-value markets that don't require high-quality people”.
The international monetary fund has estimated that money laundering worth about $3.5tn occurs each year, roughly the amount spent annually by the us federal government.
boris johnson proclaimed “a new chapter in our national story” as MPs overwhelming approved a post-Brexit trade deal, drawing a line under Britain’s tumultuous 47-year membership of the EU.
The costs for banks to borrow money from each other remain at highly elevated levels in spite of the global government action taken to cure the paralysis at the heart of the financial system.
Analysts said yesterday that a deal with Chinalco would allow Rio to avoid a rights issue, which it has said it is considering – but only as a last resort.
Critics see inverters as tax dodgers, evading their responsibility to pay for what they get from America. mr obama has talked of inverters wanting a free ride on us business “architecture”. It is not an unsubstantial point but flourishing, innovative corporations are themselves an essential part of the structure. Does it make sense to inhibit their capacity to take financial risks on investment or to demonise corporations for fulfilling their duty to their shareholders?
The contrast in responses “absolutely confirms how different the situation is in Asia”, said Glenn Maguire, Asia chief economist at Société Générale. “There are some funding strains in Australia, Korea and China but nothing significant enough to warrant any change [in the stance of central banks].”
That verdict may be a little harsh, given the success of actresses Gong Li and Zhang Ziyi in big budget Hollywood movies, but there is no doubting the trade imbalance when it comes to cultural products ranging from music to movies.
Wilbur Ross, Donald Trump’s incoming commerce secretary, is facing questions over potential conflicts of interest stemming from his business ties to China’s largest sovereign wealth fund.
In Vienna, the dead are tourist attractions. Topping the list are the Habsburgs, who rest in the crypt of the Kapuzinerkirche minus their hearts, which are buried elsewhere. The great and the good – including a fair swathe of Europe's classical music talent – are buried in the mammoth Zentralfriedhof, the city's principal cemetery, which is just as famous for someone who isn't buried there: an early scene of The Third Man shows the funeral of Harry Lime at the Zentralfriedhof. Creepier still are the catacombs beneath the Stephansdom, fringed by ancient plague pits piled with the bones of thousands of long-dead Viennese, so that it's a relief to emerge afterwards from the spooky darkness into daylight – not exactly into fresh air, for the Stephansplatz is pungent with the smell of horses.
According to Hu Xinyu, head of Friends of Old Beijing conservation group, half of Beijing's 3,000 ihutongs /ihad been destroyed by 2003 and since then "the speed has been very fast". In Shanghai, architect Chen Guang reckons that of the historical architecture not included in the city's protection scheme, only 2-3 per cent will be left by 2010.
The outdoor sector is a favourite of apparel brands who see it as a way of reaching well-off consumers who spend in spite of economic uncertainty, even if many never wear their gear near a forest or a mountain.
president barack obama will welcome his Chinese counterpart xi jinping today at a sumptuous California estate for a two day-meeting that will involve an intriguing mixture of the geopolitical and the personal.
No fraudster wakes up and decides: I am going to defraud people of millions of dollars. It is a subtle process and develops over time. Fraudsters always hope for a cure that will let them repay the money. But compromise leads to corruption which leads to collapse. I call it the second law of fraudo-dynamics: frauds go from order to disorder. They don't get better, they get worse. It is not if you get caught, but when.
For airline customers of Boeing’s 737 Max there is no quick way out of the crisis of confidence that threatens to engulf the aircraft in the wake of the Ethiopian Airlines crash nine days ago that killed all 157 people on board.
Rais Yatim, Malaysia's foreign minister and D8 chairman, said the group wanted the UN to lead efforts to bring down fuel prices because oil producers, particularly Opec members, “do not seem to see the logic that by producing more oil they would reduce the price”.
The US has long rejoiced in the title “leader of the free world”. The American presidential election was the ultimate example of democracy in action. But we are about to witness an election night like no other. People around the world will be acutely attuned not just to the vote tally, but to any sign that the results are going to be contested in the courts or on the streets.
China last year orchestrated a sweeping reorganisation of the industry into three operators, each with fixed and mobile networks, before it handed out three 3G licences. The reshuffle left China Mobile competing with china telecom and China Unicom.
Simon Derrick at Bank of new york Mellon says it is ironic that a large part of the reason for the dollar's fall can be attributed to central bank reserve managers.
One of my colleagues has an intensely annoying cough, which is riling all those who sit near her. Normally there would be sympathy but she insists on continuing to smoke, in spite of my light-hearted suggestion that she knock it on the head during her malaise. She is interrupting our work, and causing rising levels of stress in the team.
When a manager sells a chunk of stock in his own company, other investors often follow: if this guy doesn't believe in the shares, why should we? So Alibaba.com, operator of the world's biggest online bazaar for businesses, saw its shares retreat almost 7 per cent in hong kong yesterday after Jack Ma, chairman and chief executive, revealed he had sold about 5 per cent of his holdings.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, the world’s largest contract chipmaker with a NT$7.6tn ($250bn) market capitalisation, is bringing forward its schedule for mass production of 5-nanometer chips in order to meet growing demand, particularly from makers of 5G devices. MediaTek, the largest integrated circuit designer in Taiwan, has also expressed its optimism on the market for the next generation of smartphones.
That is why most private equity executives are nervously watching the US and global economy. A prolonged and sharp slowdown would make it harder to improve earnings at their portfolio companies, forcing them to delay divestitures and lowering their returns.
life expectancy was much lower a century ago because many children died in infancy and many adults failed to achieve a normal lifespan because they were killed by now-curable infectious diseases. Deaths from these sources are now so low that even dramatic further improvements will not have much effect on average lifespan. The most important factor today is increases in life expectancy after conventional ages of retirement. This measure has recently been improving at one to two months a year.
Washington's energy and environment policy risks plunging the US into an economic tailspin that could turn it into &ldquo the world's cleanest third world country&rdquo , one of the us oil industry's most successful chief executives has warned.
Moody's Analytics said before the figures came out that output has been weak owing of a soft housing market. They said output in September recovered thanks in part to gains in export manufacturing including electronics makers.
On aggregate, banks have only invested one quarter to one third of the $16.6bn in total offshore investment quotas they have been given. The government is yet to announce detailed regulations and quotas for insurance companies but the direction and intent is clear.
A rift between Aung San Suu Kyi and some prominent western supporters has deepened after she criticised an international mission tasked with probing alleged Myanmar army abuses against the country’s Muslim Rohingya minority.
Jack Kennedy has proved a tough act to follow. As he spoke these words at his inauguration on January 20 1961, the mythology surrounding his presidency had already begun to develop. But he, in turn, had been evoking another, no less distinguished leader, Franklin Roosevelt, who had also begun his term in office with a frenetic first 100 days of activity.
Investors have for too long been ready to believe that recent high growth rates – averaging 8.8 per cent over the past five years – can be sustained in the absence of a single-minded government that is determined to drive forward the liberalisation of the economy. This week's sharp stock market falls in the wake of the budget suggest that investors are once again inclined to punish poor policymaking by weak coalition governments, rather than to ignore or even reward it. One managing director at Goldman Sachs recently confided – only half-jokingly – that he had developed a crude rule of thumb for estimating the fair value of Mumbai's Sensex share index in an era of coalition politics.
The FTSE 100 miner has already committed to a $11bn capital expenditure programme in 2011, up from about $4bn this year, as it seeks to profit from buoyant commodity prices and bring new production on stream.
China’s ministry of commerce confirmed that the latest tariffs had come into effect. “This act is typical trade bullying,” the ministry said on its website. “It seriously jeopardises the global industrial chain . . . hinders the pace of global economic recovery, triggers global market turmoil and will affect more innocent multinational companies, general companies and consumers.” It added that the tariffs would also harm the interests of American businesses and people.
Sovereigns, corporations and financial institutions sold a record amount of dollar-denominated bonds last year, and asian investors bought more of them than before.
Governments should not rush to change financial market rules in the wake of the global credit squeeze.,the international monetary fund urged yesterday.
New British prime ministers are usually desperate to establish a close relationship with the US president. boris johnson has a particularly strong motive to look for support in the White House.
What is more, many listed chinese companies have solid balance sheets and understand the importance of keeping shareholders happy. Take China Mobile. The state-owned telecommunications company has a cash balance of more than $70bn and was the largest single dividend payer globally in 2018, according to Nomura. It also actively buys back shares from investors.
However, the report again highlighted the low percentage of people who proceeded from entering a site to an actual purchase, with average conversion rates remaining at about 3 per cent. Half abandoned their transactions before they were complete. Ms Mulpuru said that with recent surveys showing about a third of online shoppers had problems with their transaction, “e-commerce is succeeding in spite of itself”.
That era’s US diplomacy embodied both historical and strategic perspectives. Scholars have focused on what happened to Russia after the fall of the soviet union — but the American priority was Germany. From the 1600s until 1871, the “ German question” referred to the dangers of the many small German states, in the centre of Europe, being manipulated by outside empires. After German unification in 1871, the question changed dramatically as Europe coped with a powerful German state at its heart. The world fought two bloody wars in the 20th-century against Germany and then during 40 years of cold war, two hostile German states faced off on the frontline of a divided Europe.
Mendoza is one of a growing number of strong-brand us business schools launching one-year degrees for students straight out of undergraduate programmes. The Kellogg school at Northwestern University in Chicago also starts a pre-experience degree this year, while Michigan Ross will launch a similar programme in 2014.
Brazil is not new to the idea of a basic income scheme. In 2004, it passed ground-breaking legislation that was never put into effect as the political focus went to enlarging other social programmes. The emergency of the coronavirus crisis has changed the dynamic.
Roche has agreed to buy InterMune, a US biotech company, for $8.3bn in the latest example of the feverish deal activity sweeping the pharmaceuticals sector.
“You amortise it over the network,” explains Mr Devlin. “Profit is not the point. The investment is in the mythology of the brand, which makes people want to spend more money not just in that store but other stores as well.”
Ten days ago, a hitherto unknown Texan teenager by the name of Cella tapped out a tweet that read “Ew, I start this f*** a** job tomorrow”, followed by half a dozen thumbs-down symbols.
Lehman executives, led by chairman and chief executive Dick Fuld, are making renewed efforts to find a buyer or an investor in order to shore up confidence, bankers said.
Sir Nicholas Serota, director of the Tate galleries,worked with them on London's Tate Modern as it evolved from an industrial hulk to become the world's most popular contemporary art museum. The building is about to be extended with a &pound 215m ($424m, &#8364 273m) Herzog & de Meuron brick mountain. He says: “They really manage to be better than the sum of their parts. It's true that they're different characters, but no one should believe that Jacques is the designer and Pierre is the manager. They have an amazing ability to spark each other and, importantly, they're very good at bringing on the younger people in the office.”
Britain has held informal talks about joining a flagship Pacific trade group, in an audacious bid to kick-start exports after Brexit.
Attacks on cross-border supply chains should not be viewed in isolation. The latest forecasts from the world trade organization suggest that the collapse in trade now could be far bigger than in response to the 2008 financial crisis. It would be very damaging if policymakers responded to the steep decline in their countries’ exports by curbing imports. Yet that is what forced “reshoring” of supply chains means. It would be yet another assault on liberal trade. (See charts.)
In Dongguan, for example, Weixu's suppliers are holding overnight vigils outside its gates, worried that the company's assets might be spirited away.
Critics, however, contend that such targets have forced the government to pursue a growth-for-growth’s sake agenda over the past decade, unleashing unnecessary and debt-fuelled investment binges to reach an arbitrary goal.
The group of buyers, which includes more than 30 dealers and investment firms as well as the Shenzhen city government, set up a new company in which Huawei will have no shares or involvement. No price was given for the transaction.
On November 10, China unveiled a $586bn fiscal stimulus package aimed at boosting infrastructure growth and consumer spending in rural areas, where per capita income is still low.
Frank Smith, director of management and professional development at Pamplin, who oversees the programme there, says the bleak job market for academics is a motivating factor.
“Great power competitors, namely China and Russia, are rapidly expanding their financial and political influence across Africa. They are deliberately and aggressively targeting their investments in the region to gain a competitive advantage over the United States,” mr bolton claims.
At this point, I heard myself becoming shifty and evasive – “The trouble,” I replied, “is that I keep being told that a break-up would cause a catastrophe. Until I can tell you convincingly why that’s untrue, I can’t responsibly advocate it.”
China has more than 700m people connected to the internet, says FireEye’s Mr Glass. “That’s something that can’t be ignored.” But he warns: “The chinese government is cognisant of this and is able to use their market power to extract concessions. China’s only going to permit what it wants to permit.”
Price-reporting data show that Chinaoil has bought more than 20m barrels of Dubai, Oman and Upper Zakum grades in October, many of them from Unipec, a subsidiary of Chinese state oil company Sinopec.
Fresh from his “surprise” election as president of China last week, xi jinping is about to set off on his first foreign trip. Later this week, he will travel to Moscow. The choice is a traditional one, and redolent of the Cold War, when Russia and China were the twin pillars of the Communist world.
Sterling has been regarded as a "strong" currency for the last 10 years. After the lows sustained following its exit from the European exchange rate mechanism in 1992, it began to climb in 1996-97 and has remained on a plateau in the face of repeated predictions of a tumble. Mervyn King, the Bank of England governor, noted recently: "The remarkable thing is that although we've not been targeting the exchange rate in the past decade, it has been more stable than for any decade for a long time."
The deals highlight Chinese companies' ability in the current market to access developed assets in relatively developed parts of the world. Mr Spence of Global Mining Corp acknowledged, “The chinese companies we are looking at are also aware things have changed. Even though they have the money, they are also cautious.”
Mr Pence’s stance, outlined in an interview with the Washington Post, follows a flurry of North Korean diplomatic activity at the Winter Olympics that culminated with its leader kim Jong Un inviting Moon Jae-in, South Korea’s president, to Pyongyang for an inter-Korean summit.
History does not provide much comfort here. In financial markets, there are always new risks to take and new ways for risk management models and procedures to break down. Fail-safe approaches can also go too far: witness Japan in the early 1990s, when heavy-handed government intervention effectively shut down financial innovation. Furthermore, government policy promoting imprudent risk-taking – witness long-standing US congressional support for failed mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac – can overwhelm regulations intended to control it.
conventional wisdom usually blames two factors: first, central banks such as the Fed have deliberately pushed down policy rates with startling quantitative easing experiments  second, rates have been depressed by the curse of “secular stagnation”, the phrase coined by Harvard economist Lawrence Summers.
China's coal demand is estimated to rise from 2.36bn tonnes in 2006 to 3.21bn tonnes by 2010, according to Morgan Stanley research.
China’s share of global exports has been hit by its trade dispute with the US which — together with the pandemic, corporate governance demands and the rise of artificial intelligence — is pushing multinational companies to reduce their dependency on the Asian powerhouse.
industry executives and analysts forecast copper prices to average more than $3 a pound in 2007, just slightly below last year's average. That compares with a record high of $4.16 a pound or $8,790 a tonne struck last May and the long-term average of about $1 a pound.
Investors in eurozone bond markets stand accused of letting “animal spirits” affect their judgment on the risk of a European debt default, creating a situation where financial markets could force weaker countries into excessive budget cutting.
Hit by a 25 per cent decline in the euro against the yen during 2008, and even bigger rises against currencies such as the pound, companies such as Sony and Canon are struggling to make money on imports into Europe.
It would not be seemly for me to say (even if I knew the answer) why the company has chosen me. I am glad it has, though. I am hoping that my seat on the board will give me a new and different view of the management themes that I have been writing about for so long. It may bring me a bit closer to those financial times readers who bmeasure out/b their lives in meetings of this sort. Learning something about business from the inside may be a shock, but it will be new, and new things are rejuvenating. It will contribute to the school-fee budget, too. b(译稿：/b这也许会让我距离那些在这类会议b中耗尽生命/b的英国《金融时报》读者更近一点。b)/bi
The study, published in the Journal of the Association for Research in Otolaryngology, found that smoking and being overweight were risk factors in the most common type of hearing loss. It also found that moderate alcohol intake – at least one glass a week – appears to have a protective effect.
In the past two months, China has suffered its first domestic bond default in recent history and a series of small bankruptcies that have some investors fretting the country could face its very own “Lehman moment”.
Potential recruits have typically tended to come from endowments, pension funds and other public institutions. They are sober investors who understand that safety must come first.
A markets barometer from Goldman Sachs shows that financial conditions at Monday’s close were still nearly 170 basis points looser than they were when the Fed first lifted rates at the end of 2015, suggesting that markets are continuing to support growth.
No sooner had they bought the land than a new problem emerged. The land housed some 80 graves, and “digging up grandma is a very sensitive issue, especially if you are a foreigner,” Mr Hines says.
In recent months, senior Chinese officials, including premier wen Jiabao, have repeatedly signalled their concern that current US policies could lead to a collapse in the dollar and global inflation.
I didn't say no to the 2008 coffee as I couldn't face being quite that blunt  instead I failed to reply at all. And as for the Big Brother request, what I actually said was “no, no, I said no! NO! . . .  Oh for brChrist's sake all right then, do what the hell you like. Just stop making that horrible noise.”
Adds Rozen: “For Jackman's wardrobe in Scoop, I am guessing Cary Grant in any Hitchcock film such as North by Northwest or Suspicion – but updated, hence the jeans.”
Mr Abe, who is surrounded by some of Japan’s most conservative foreign policy experts, is regarded by many as a nationalist. He rose to prominence for what was perceived as his hardline attitude against north korea and China and for his strong defence of the right of Japanese leaders to visit the controversial Yasukuni shrine, where convicted war criminals, among millions of war dead, are honoured.
New targets for renewable energy and nuclear power as well as plans for further development of large coal deposits in the north and northwest mean that power generators face even greater competition in the future.
Soren Schroder, chief executive of Bunge, expected the US to make “very little if any” sales of soyabeans to China, the top importer of the foodstuff. “Whatever chinese business is taking place is directed away from the US to Brazil and Canada,” he said.
A five-day national holiday meant Chinese stocks simply delayed experiencing the ructions that hit global markets last week. The CSI, an index of big chinese companies listed on the mainland, tumbled more than 4 per cent on Monday.
AT&T is opposed to selling the TV network and is preparing to take the trump administration to court, arguing the deal with time warner does not pose any threat to competition.
On a visit to Brussels, Manuel Valls, France’s prime minister, said seven people out of 30 known to be linked to the Paris attacks were still being hunted.
Tina is the old margaret thatcher dictum: “there is no alternative”. The phrase had been in vogue among equity traders (before October’s pullback) given weak returns in other asset classes, but it applies just as well to the dollar these days.
The shanghai composite index recovered from an early drop of more than 2 per cent to close 1.9 per cent higher at 4,072.14, its sixth successive advance and the first finish above 4,000 points since June 1. The rise left the index 6 per cent below its lifetime high of 4,335 struck on May 29.
Many wine buyers place an order with a Bordeaux merchant – thinking this is most likely to secure them wine straight from the ch?teau, the most direct source – only to find that it has, in fact, come from Britain.
Investors in the electric carmaker may be feeling slightly reassured after the Hong Kong-listed firm said reports that warren buffett intends to cut his stake are false.
In large measure, the private sector’s woes derive from the entrenched structures of China’s political economy. state banks prefer to lend to state-owned enterprises, leaving the private sector to mop up dregs of liquidity from the shadow finance market.
The differences between hong kong in 2014 and Beijing in 1989 are also significant, however. In the intervening 25 years, China has become an immeasurably richer and more powerful country. The chinese authorities will also be hoping that the current demonstrations in Hong Kong, which started under the banner of the “Occupy Central” movement, will have more in common with “Occupy Wall Street” – which fizzled out – than with the student movement in China in 1989. Finally, the authorities have more leeway than in 1989, if they choose to use it, because hong kong is not the capital of the country – it is a regional city, which enjoys a special status under the formula of “one country, two systems” that underpinned the handover from British to Chinese rule.
The new challenge is also increasing Hong Kong's dependence on its remaining differences from the mainland, most significantly its straightforward customs regime. Because of mainland China's obstructive and bureaucratic customs service, it is far easier to use hong kong than the mainland to consolidate into larger loads for export goods made in different parts of China. Mainland customs can also hamper international trans-shipment operations.
“Recycling will become a major industry for us in China,” said Jorge Mora, the company’s chief executive for Asia, based in Beijing.
Concho Resources, a us oil and gas producer, agreed to buy rival RSP Permian for $9.5bn including debt and CME Group, the Chicago exchange, agreed to buy Nex Group in a deal that valued the UK group at nearly $3.8bn.
According to Zhang Huarong, chairman of both the Asia Footwear Association and the Huajian group, one of China's largest shoe companies, basic monthly salaries in the industry have doubled to $200 since 2006.
Since traffic lights were ditched at Laweiplein in 2003, the number of accidents has dropped and, as Paterson's visit shows, it is now a mecca for engineers, planners and politicians. Results in the Swedish town of Norrk?ping, home to the country's first Shared Space scheme, have also been encouraging, says Christer Hyden, professor of technology and society at Lund University. Studies show that “the average speed [is now] 13km an hour, which more or less guarantees that there will be no severe accidents,” he explains.
The scramble for African diamonds reflects intensifying competition between the world's fastest-growing large economies for natural resources, particularly energy, minerals and land.
The US, Japan and EU are hoping to implement the plans through a “plurilateral” deal that would bring together the world’s biggest subsidises and economic powers. Under this arrangement, a coalition of countries would agree to apply the measures. Such an agreement would not require the support of all 164 WTO members to take effect and would only bind participating countries.
There is some sign of the first, though the jury is still out. The government has yet to identify all the €11.5bn of new cuts it promises to make. But a new debt sustainability analysis emerging out of Athens indicates an active interest in understanding what it takes to right the ship that has so far been lacking. Moreover, it makes some valid points that Greece’s helpers would do well to ponder.
There is a growing body of research that shows better-governed companies could provide stronger financial returns, as well as meaningfully reduce risk. While the primary aim is financial, there can be wider positive ramifications, too.
Hong Kong’s financial watchdogs are toughening their language. And in a city where the stock market is at the heart of its financial power — played by rich and poor alike — that means something. Asked about suspected cases of market manipulation, including the small-cap crash in July that wiped $6bn off stocks in hours, Ms Lam told a forum that the city needed stronger leadership in the sector. “We need to bring together our regulators and our market development practitioners,” she said, “and perhaps lock them in a room and let them find out the way forward for Hong Kong.”
What is the most decorous way to leave a company where you have worked happily for decades?
Authorities want the banks to channel those funds into the real economy, but bankers and analysts say that weak credit creation in recent months is due more to lack of demand from borrowers than to constraints on bank lending.
Donald Trump’s early moves on infrastructure and deregulation have reignited investor confidence in the US economy, propelling stocks into record territory and sending the dow jones industrial average above 20,000 for the first time.
On Sunday, China’s securities regulator issued an unusually stern response, saying the proposal “was directly targeted at China”, and “politicises securities regulation”.
US and North Korean officials held a second day of meetings yesterday to try to bring about the transfer of $25m, stuck in a Macao bank blacklisted by Washington, to a Pyongyang account so that stalled nuclear talks could resume.
DaimlerChrysler and BMW are threatening legal action over Chinese-made vehicles that they claim are copies of their own models.
Since the china securities regulatory commission made its first serious noises about the resumption of IPOs over three weeks ago, there have been daily stories in the Chinese press about which company would come first, and how big its issue would be.
The announcement of a boost to output by about 300,000 barrels a day came after a plea by George W. Bush, US president, to King Abdullah of saudi arabia in Riyadh.
“We believe the biggest impact has been the very tough economy,” said Mr Rein, noting that a July survey by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners found that 22 per cent of Americans are reducing visits to the doctor to save money. Eleven per cent were found to be scaling back on medication use.
I recently gave a talk at a big corporate conference to hundreds of delegates, without exception middle-managers from large companies. I realised as I spoke to the audience that my words about entrepreneurship were irrelevant to them – even offensive. For I was preaching the gospel of independence, freedom and risk-taking, while they were entombed in the cosy, airless coffin of big business. All of them were life-long employees of huge institutions and, to them, the struggles of running your own business were totally alien.
Mark Mobius, executive chairman of Templeton’s emerging markets Group, rejects the growing fears about China’s economic outlook, arguing there is a transition being made to support future growth.
I am not alone in this. I know someone who is retiring this month who tells me he still has not worked out what he wants to do when he grows up. The fact that he is 59 makes no difference.
Investors have largely shunned silver this year after being burnt by a year of wild price swings that saw the metal touch a 30-year high in April 2011 before plunging nearly 35 per cent in a fortnight.
China’s Ministry of public security said a probe in Changsha, Shanghai and Zhengzhou found that GSK had tried to generate sales and raise drug prices by bribing government officials, pharmaceutical industry associations and foundations, hospitals and doctors.
“We accept responsibility for our past mistakes. We have said we are profoundly sorry for them, and we do so again,” said Stuart Gulliver, chief executive, as he attempted to draw a line under what investors saw as the biggest threat to the bank and its share price.
Mr King also joined Hank Paulson, us treasury secretary, to suggest financial institutions could expect more stringent regulation to prevent a repeat of the credit crisis.
The sale, uncovered by a search of corporate records, revealed what appeared to be an effort by Wanda to rebuild its finances amid government pressure to rein in its dealmaking activities.
Any berkshire hathaway investor is taking a tiny risk that, one day,  mr buffett will miscalculate one such bet and the company will be felled by a catastrophic loss. It has not happened so far, but nor did American International Group, another US insurance group, need to be bailed out until two months ago.
“There is a heritage which is great, and there is a heritage which does not fit any longer, which you have to modernise,” says Harald Boelstler, the German president and chief executive of Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus, which came under Daimler control in 2005.
private companies have expanded rapidly and under some estimates now account for more than half of gross domestic product. However, entrepreneurs still complain that they become an easy political target if their companies grow too big.
The issues at IHG appear to have been what Michael Whittington of Kroll, an arm of US risk and insurance group Marsh & McLennan, says is the most common issue uncovered by the firm's background screening division - exaggerated or misleading information on educational or professional qualifications.
He is looking at ways to make sure the government pays its bills on time. “A lot of small businesses depend on payments by the government for their cash flow,” he says. “That should be an area we can work in.”
Air India will pay its 31,000 employees two weeks late in the latest sign of the difficulties facing the country's aviation industry, especially the flag carrier.
There is plenty more where that came from. At the end of last year, CIC had roughly $110bn in its overseas portfolio, according to Z-Ben Advisors, a fund consultancy. Of that, about $85bn was cash. chief investment officer Gao Xiqing told Japan's Asahi newspaper in August that new investments in 2009 would be about ten times greater than last year's $4.8bn. If half that commitment comes from activating mandates with the cluster of non-Chinese fund managers CIC identified last year, it may have another $20bn to play with.
Even the Centre for Policy Studies, which has a links to the opposition Conservatives, failed to prove conclusively that disposable household income has dropped in a recent paper entitled “Why do we feel so broke?”
My mother sobbed all night when I told her I was thinking of going to Australia. The last thing I want to do is hurt her, but there I can live like a normal person. Because I hold an American degree, it shouldn't be too hard for me to get a student visa. I could work legally upon arriving, get a second degree within two years, and soon after become a permanent legal resident.
News of the contraction – twice as fast as most economists had forecast – came in a report by the Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper on economic figures due to be officially released next week.
Christine Lagarde, managing director of the international monetary Fund, is a happy woman: her institution will receive at least an extra $430bn in resources. This will substantially increase the IMF’s capacity to help if the eurozone crisis takes a turn for the worse.
The past few days have been among the longest days in the short history of stock market trading in China.
For the top brass who run investment banks, the uncertain economic outlook is a huge management challenge. This industry is renowned for axing jobs at the first sign of a market deterioration, but the reality is more subtle. No bank wants to cut too deep and lose its competitive edge when the market recovers. Nor do banks want to be seen to be the first to make lay-offs, which amounts to a public confession that its bankers are twiddling their thumbs.
“I stated explicitly our commitment in Europe to territorial integrity and unity of China and our support for dialogue and at the same time the need for full respect of human rights,” Mr Barroso said.
“The bad memory of tiananmen square really scared people that the PLA might be sent,” said Chan Kin-man, one of the founders of the Occupy Central democracy moment, explaining that people worried the departing riot police were making way for soldiers.
Glencore and Xstrata have launched merger talks to create an $88bn commodities trading and mining giant with the financial muscle to sweep up some of its biggest rivals.
In response, companies including Seat, Yell and Idearc have suspended dividends. Most have implemented cost-savings programmes and some, including Seat and Yell, have renegotiated their debt.
A two-metre distance is significantly more effective at reducing the transmission of Covid-19 than one metre, according to the most comprehensive study of viral transmission to date published in The Lancet on Monday.
What of my husband's arrows? These suggested he was lacking in conviction and undecided. Which was just as I'd feared.
But with more than 80 coronavirus vaccine candidates being developed around the globe, billions of dollars will have to be spent on preparing manufacturing facilities for several candidates, including some that will never make it to market.
That adds up to a decade and a half of disappointment, which is more than anyone ought to endure.
The federal reserve gave central banks in Japan, the eurozone, the UK, Switzerland and Canada the $180bn to lend on to local banks that cannot access its onshore dollar lending facilities, at least temporarily stopping the crisis from lurching further out of control.
Mr Ghani, 57, will declare his candidacy bthis afternoon/b in a meeting with Hamid Karzaib（查自新华网http://news.xinhuanet.com/ziliao/2002-07/09/content_475135.htm）/b, the Afghan president, who is visiting the US. to address the UN General Assemblyb（查自新华网http://news.xinhuanet.com/ziliao/2003-06/25/content_936765.htm）/b and discuss the worsening security situation in Afghanistan with George W. Bush.
Here’s an everyday event in Donald Trump’s America. Two people run into each other in their neighbourhood, or virtually on Facebook, and instantly start discussing the president. If they are liberals, one might say, “Did you see that tweet?!” and the other will tap his forehead meaningfully. If the two support Trump, they might share a grumble about lying media.
Unilever, the maker of Ben & Jerry’s ice cream, Signal toothpaste and Lipton tea, has made its biggest acquisition in China for more than a decade with the purchase of a majority stake in Qinyuan Group, a water purification business.
“The weighing machine was easy to understand. I'd buy a weighing machine and use the profits to buy more weighing machines. Pretty soon I'd have twenty weighing machines, and everybody would weigh themselves 50 times a day. I thought - that's where the money is. The compounding of it - what could be better than that?”
On a windswept Himalayan plateau usually frequented by seasonal yak herders, hundreds of troops from China’s People’s liberation army and the Indian Army are locked in a stand-off over a small but strategic piece of land.
BMW, the industry’s largest premium producer, said its plants in Dingolfing and Leipzig would stop for Christmas day but resume work between December 26 and the new year.
Shares in the group, which had fallen by more than a third in the past month following a profit warning in June, gained 5 per cent to almost $11.
Writing in today’s Financial Times, mr greenspan argues that with China also holding down the renminbi, the upward pressure on currencies elsewhere risks a return to widespread trade protectionism.
Beijing last week increased duties on imported US soyabeans, cotton and other products by 25 percentage points in response to tariffs on chinese goods imposed by Donald Trump’s administration. Soyabeans are the US’s largest agricultural export to China and are grown in rural states that mainly voted for Mr Trump.
Rory Collins, UK Biobank's principal investigator, says: “Researchers over the next 10, 20 or 30 years can study the causes of disease and identify ways to treat and prevent it.”
The award, announced in London on Tuesday night, comes four months after the FT won Newspaper of the Year at the What The Papers Say awards.
At the same time as filing an amicus brief to a First Amendment case filed by Google, Facebook, Yahoo and others earlier this year, Apple sought to distance its business model from internet firms which use customer data to sell advertising.
Having a convicted white collar criminal speak to students creates discussion about the grey areas of decision making and about the consequences of certain choices. Prof Powers says “that's where the benefit is”.
The iconic British company – owned by german carmaker BMW – expects to sell about 70 Phantom models in China and 50 in Japan, Ian Robertson, Rolls-Royce chairman and chief executive, said yesterday in an interview with the Financial Times. The company’s China sales figures include Hong Kong, where Rolls-Royce yesterday delivered its biggest order yet – handing over the keys to 14 Phantoms to Sir Michael Kadoorie’s Peninsula hotel.
Until recently the US National Public Radio correspondent in Beijing, Gifford, was given a dream assignment: a two-month road trip on Route 312 from Shanghai to "Eurasia Road" in Korgaz, on the border with Kazakhstan. It is a 3,000-mile journey during which the country gets poorer, less populated and less Chinese the further east he goes.
Many of the vehicles' interiors display flashy dashboard decorations, dangling rear-view mirror charms, or ornamental tissue boxes. But outside, most chinese buyers still like their cars boxy and dark.
The underlying principle is, after all, a good one.
The neutral venue offered decent vegetarian food for the Indian side and spaghetti for the Chinese negotiators.b /bTravelling to London is also convenient on the visa front for both sides.
The new rules allow certain types of products to continue investing in so-called “non-standard” credit assets, which are typically loans to weaker borrowers. This concession will enable some credit to continue flowing through shadow bank channels, after a sharp contraction in such lending over the past year.
Foreign money is always the hottest, as illustrated on Tuesday by the slump in Hong Kong’s hang seng index.
Mr Li's efforts to sell strongbPCCW/b/strong, Hong Kong's dominant telecoms carrier, have fallen apart spectacularly. Two private equity bidders withdrew in the face of political opposition from China. Now minority shareholders at Mr Li's holding company have voted down a proposal to sell the controlling 23 per cent stake in PCCW to a consortium that included his father, billionaire Li Ka-shing. The vote delivered the outcome mr li wanted, but leaves him facing the challenge that drove him into discussions with suitors in the first place: how to recoup even a fraction of the value destroyed by the $28bn purchase of Hongkong Telecom at the height of the internet bubble.
Yang Hua, 53, who also acted as the communist party secretary of Dongbei Special Steel, was confirmed dead on March 25 by the company’s website, a day after police received reports that he had hanged himself at his home.
overseas investors have raised their share of corporate Japan to a record high, potentially intensifying the influence of western-style capitalism in a country still resistant to shareholder activism.
What can Britain’s coalition government do to promote economic growth? This is no simple challenge. But it must do what it can.
Most of its aggressive growth over the past decade and nearly 90 per cent of its manufacturing takes place outside Taiwan.
Since us regulators loosened the Volcker rule that bans banks from engaging in proprietary trading, reactions have been starkly different.
In the second conversation, an Asian businessman recounted the tale of a call a few years back to a Coca- Cola executive in Atlanta – in the middle of the Georgia night – to discuss a vital aspect of a deal in Asia. The executive was outraged to be woken and had to be reminded that he had blithely been calling his colleagues in Australia and Asia for weeks at all hours of the (Asian) night without any thought for the time difference.
Even terrorism and the spread of disease – Hachigian and Sutphen call them “the rotten fruit of globalisation” – force the great powers to acknowledge their common interests and collaborate. The two authors' solution to the rise of powers that rival the US is not for the US to confront them but to improve itself because “that's our new world. The domestic is international, the international is domestic.”
The Syrian fighters are being trained by the US to take on Islamist militants from Isis but there is also a chance that they could also come under attack from Assad regime forces.
David Axelrod, Mr Obama’s chief political adviser, said passing a massive economic stimulus package would be the president-elect’s top priority after his inauguration in January, amid deepening fears of a long and severe recession. mr obama is expected to flesh out his plans today when he holds a news conference to announce his choice of Tim Geithner, president of the federal reserve bank of New York, to succeed Hank Paulson as treasury secretary.
The politically sensitive goods and services deficit rose to $51.4bn in March, up more than 40 per cent from the $35.9bn recorded in February. exports rose less than 1 per cent while imports grew 7.7 per cent amid increased us demand for cars and mobile phones.
The programme has also been amended, says Col Tomlinson, to reflect the growing complexity of the young officer's job. The certainties of the cold war era have been replaced by a different kind of enemy, along with new demands - from the media, for example - and many of the workplace issues that managers and leaders elsewhere have to address.
Arun Sarin, Vodafone's outgoing chief executive, sought to dispel fears about slowing revenue growth at the mobile phone company by predicting it would make more acquisitions in Africa and Asia.
HNA’s offer price puts its funding cost above even that of China’s peer-to-peer lending market, which is used by small businesses and consumers that cannot access credit from traditional financial institutions.
Graeme Trudgill, chief executive of the British Insurance Brokers’ Association, which chaired the meeting, said that from an insurance perspective there were very different risks attached to renting compared with ownership — and that insurers did not have much data about these.
"Forecasts of rocketing wealth have exacerbated the problems facing some private banks in the region," says Enid Yip, Bank Sarasin's chief executive for Asia. "We've seen an irrational exuberance because Asia is such a temptation. It was an easy story to sell, and an easy story to buy, so we have seen people pile into the market, while established players have expanded. But many will not have factored a downturn into their costs because they never had a credible long-term strategy."
Most of the capacity being built in the Middle East – which takes advantage of proximity to low-cost supplies in the form of natural gas – is destined for Asia.
It follows angry reactions around the Islamic world to a lecture by Pope Benedict XVI two weeks ago, in which he drew a link between Islam and violence.
The State Council, China’s cabinet, has ordered the land ministry to establish a unified registration system for real estate, the lack of which has enabled corrupt officials to stash their wealth in real estate with little risk of discovery.
Come the crisis in Ireland, and the euro did little more than shrug. True, it has fallen back from its $1.42 recent peak, reached in large part because of the second round of US quantitative easing. But the move to the current $1.35 was just a fraction of the 20-25 cent moves earlier in the year.
We may not easily confront or accept the price dynamics of home and equity prices, but we can fend off cries of political despair which counsel the containment of competitive markets. It is essential that we do so. The remarkably strong performance of the world economy since the near universal adoption of market capitalism is testament to the benefits of increasing economic flexibility.
The twin blast furnaces towering over Port Talbot have become the focal point of a crisis that has left British steelmaking hanging in the balance. After years of heavy losses, the plant’s Indian owner, Tata Steel, wants to sell off its collection of UK facilities.
Non-proliferation activists have mounted a last-ditch effort to stall the India deal ahead of its consideration by the Senate.
But its shares sank by almost 10 per cent at one point on Monday after the Shanghai and shenzhen stock exchanges said on Saturday that certain companies, including those with dual-class shares, would be excluded from the stock connect trading channel that allows Chinese and Hong Kong-based investors to buy shares in each other’s markets.
international companies active in Iran face the threat of us sanctions within weeks after Washington rebuffed a high-level European plea to exempt crucial industries that would help keep a nuclear deal with Tehran alive.
Mr Muntemba’s suspicion, widely shared in Zambia, is that part of his K10 ($0.86) TV levy, which has more than doubled in a year, is being used to service a $273m loan taken by ZNBC, the state broadcaster, from China’s Exim Bank.
The busiest January on global markets in many years is raising hopes among exchanges and market venues that 2018 will spark a long-awaited rebound in trading revenues.
In 1990 Enkhtuya Baatar was a nomadic herder living in Mongolia’s northern Bulgin province when, one day, wolves began picking off her sheep. When a bitter winter, known as a zud, killed her remaining livestock Baatar, now 55, had little choice but to pack up and move her husband and four children to Ulan Bator, Mongolia’s capital. They rented a room on the outskirts of the city, sleeping on the floor. “We didn’t have any furniture, just a little old chest that served as a table, the place to make food, a cupboard, everything,” she says.
It argues that ads of unlicensed websites selling medicines or treatments are illegal as well – a view contested in the industry and among lawyers.
After 27 years in America, I'm afraid my accent is getting stronger. I love it when people ask: “Are you Irish” I think it's because when you are from Cologne you have a little bit of a lilt in your accent and that's positively un-German.
The school’s current crop of eighth graders, for instance, has improved on national maths test scores over the past three years from the 78th percentile – putting them in the top quarter of the nation’s students – to the 97th percentile, in other words, in the top few per cent. They have also made modest improvements in reading and science.
The eurozone crisis has had a chilling effect on major economies around the world  and has added to the unprecedented pressures facing the global economy. But, in spite of the difficulties, I am confident that we can both resolve the crises at hand and come through them with an economy that is stronger and fundamentally fairer. My argument here at home and at the meeting of the Group of 20 leading economies in Cannes is that we can only do so if we show complete single-mindedness on three fronts: confronting our debts  strengthening the competitiveness of our economy  and unlocking global trade. Let me take each in turn.
The $4.5bn is akin to an insurance premium, or float. berkshire hathaway can reinvest the cash while waiting to see how much money it eventually has to pay in claims. Its overall float is now vast – it increased from $18.5m in 1967 to $58bn last year, allowing it to make deals such as its purchase of $5bn of preferred shares in Goldman Sachs in September.
One user of the protesters’ main online discussion forum called for massed cash withdrawals and currency conversions a couple of weeks ago, to try to cause grief for local banks. “Converting to a foreign currency (like the US dollar) also protects yourself, so if the currency peg goes pear-shaped you won’t be left holding hong kong dollars,” the protester urged.
But how should students respond to the tougher market? Not, it seems, by taking a gap year. Even shelf stacking would be a better alternative.
In an internal company document issued late last year, and seen by the Financial Times, the utility said it was “facing unprecedented challenges in our operation and development”. Adding that the utility would have to “strictly” control investment and trim or suspend projects, ranging from substation upgrades to the burring of power lines, which “can’t generate short-term benefits”.
Mr Gou, founder and chairman of Apple supplier Foxconn, said he would run in the primaries of the opposition Kuomintang (KMT).
He was one of four high-flying financiers parachuted in to run four of Europe’s biggest banks over a period of seven months in 2015 — alongside Bill Winters, who joined Standard Chartered  Jes Staley, who took over at Barclays  and John Cryan, who became deutsche bank chief executive.
Japan’s prime minister has called for closer co-operation among regional neighbours to persuade China’s increasingly assertive military to abide by common maritime rules.
But what started as a narrowly targeted trade complaint has morphed into what looks like a turning point for America’s global tech leaders, contributing to severe market whiplash this month.
If I knew the perfect answer, I would have made far fewer mistakes over the years  in truth I suspect there are many ingredients. Nevertheless, as an exercise, I have noted below a number of contributing factors that I think matter more than most.
It is sadly true that our time on earth is limited, and we’d be well advised to avoid wasting it. It has been said that instead of getting through our days doing routine things on autopilot, we should engage in new and uncomfortable experiences. These stretch our perception of time and, in a sense, our life. Then there is the research that tells us that people are happier when they spend their money on experiences rather than objects.
General Electric is seeking a buyer for its rail services unit, in a deal that could be worth about $4bn, according to people familiar with the company.
The S&P 500 was down 0.8 per cent at mid-afternoon in New York. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite fared better, down 0.3 per cent, while the dow jones industrial average was down 1 per cent.
Instead, the players provoking particular behind-the-scenes unease are those sitting in Asia. For while the sovereign wealth funds of countries such as China generally loathe the limelight, their potential market power – or ability to intimidate by implication – is rising steadily, as their coffers swell. And that, in turn, is starting to have some surprising impact on the eurozone debates.
But StanChart believes the true figure is much higher. “We think plausible adjustments to the headline unemployment rate push the effective number of unemployed to 42m and the effective unemployment rate to 25.5 per cent,” said Steven Englander, head of north america macro strategy at Standard Chartered in New York.
“Inflexible approaches to home-working risk restricting the competitiveness and growth of UK organisations if employer and managerial mindsets do not change.”
Today he is trying to change the society through capitalism with a business that provides loans and bank accounts to some of the UK's poorest communities in east London.
When people say “X is brilliant”, based on his university degree aged 21, it’s a meaningless statement — X may not have developed since then. You can make yourself more intelligent. One way is to study people with beautiful minds. Here are some of their habits:
Only by abandoning Yasukuni will Japanese leaders be able to tell if China is serious about improving the relationship or whether it will simply find another way of keeping Japan on the diplomatic defensive over its war record.
Guo Shuqing, who took up his post in late February, is seen as a leading candidate to succeed Zhou Xiaochuan as governor of the People’s Bank of China, the central bank. Mr Zhou, 69, is already two years beyond the normal retirement age for communist party officials and a new appointment is due within a year.
Under certain conditions, the plastic cover of the charger's exchangeable plug could come loose and separate. If loose and separated, certain internal components may cause an electric shock if touched while the plug remains in the live socket.
In less than a decade, all this has changed. If you want a book on economics to take to the beach, you are spoiled for choice at the airport bookstall. What you will find falls into three categories.
Mike Pompeo, secretary of state, on Wednesday announced the sanctions on the islamic republic of Iran Shipping Lines (IRISL) and its China-based subsidiary, E-Sail Shipping, as well as Mahan Air. The move is meant to “put the world on notice those who engage in illicit transactions with these companies will risk exposure to sanctions for themselves”, mr pompeo said.
But that's not all. Carlsberg is working on what it calls its consumer "funnel", a relationship that has awareness at one end and customer loyalty at the other. And the secret weapon that will drive people through this funnel? It is the Carlsberg DraughtMaster, which allows consumers to draw their own pint from a keg at home. "It's quite an emotionally driven proposition," Mr Myers says. "Many men dream about having their own machineand beer tap."
The controversy over whether speculators are behind skyrocketing prices of oil deepened yesterday as us regulators filed charges against a trading fund for manipulating energy futures prices.
“We are committed to our role as a leader in the Pacific and to supporting our region to meet the challenges of climate change and enjoy sustainable economic development,” said Grant Robertson, New Zealand’s minister for finance.
The decision by Lisbon’s constitutional judges appears questionable. They ruled that the proposed suspension of the 14th-month summer payment to civil servants and pensioners distributed the burden of austerity unfairly, since it excluded private-sector workers. The court’s decision looks dangerously like over-reach. Wages in the private sector are already falling as a result of the recession. civil servants work shorter hours and enjoy greater protection than their colleagues in the private sector.
Which brings me to the highly emotional news that after eight years, I am taking a break from the Financial Times. However, there will be no leaving party. My route out of the building tonight will not be lined with 50 of the FT’s most attractive employees, all weeping softly into pink hankies. I am merely taking some time off to tackle a book project. This column returns in six months. Thanks for reading so far./i
Tencent, which runs QQ, the world’s largest instant messaging service, will offer users links to third-party websites and access to externally developed applications for the first time, mirroring some features of Facebook.
But it is also worrying for investors in iron ore miners. Neither of these metropolises is likely to grow by 23.5m people (or one Oz population unit) hereafter. Much Chinese urbanisation has literally involved bits of Australia. Its red ore-rich dirt found a home inside steel skyscrapers. Still, it is hard to change the world twice. Mining majors hope that smaller chinese cities get bigger. But they invested in supply much too quickly – and demand could fall before it rises.
Attempts to step up international action on climate change among the Group of Eight industrialised nations are being strongly contested by the US government.
France and Germany on the 3 March proposed a fresh crackdown on tax havens and offshore financial centres, insisting that banks that use them be forced to put aside higher capital to offset the risk to the financial system.
The Iranian group was most likely unaware that its hacking methods had themselves been hacked and deployed by another cyber espionage team, security officials said.
In what is seen as an ambitious move, the Chinese regulator has been pressing big local lenders to start developing the most sophisticated credit risk model under Basle II, known as advanced internal ratings- based system (IRB). chinese banks will have to invest millions of dollars in data collection systems that would, after several years, allow them accurately to predict defaults.
Washington targeted seven top Russian policy makers, including some of president vladimir Putin’s closest advisers, with asset freezes and travel bans, under an executive order signed by president barack Obama. The EU took measures against 21 people, including 13 Russians.
Mr Hill acknowledges there are risks of a setback in some parts of the real estate market. Higher interest rates are a problem for the debt part of the market and deals are falling down, he says.
Investors have more choice than ever before.
Hundreds of chinese companies have halted trading in their shares as Beijing struggles to insulate the economy from the country’s steepest equity decline in more than two decades.
Speculators on the new york gold market hold 10 bets on higher prices for each one on lower prices, according to analysts. Investors in Tokyo and on the Shanghai gold futures market are also betting on higher prices.
The chinese foreign ministry rejected the allegations and said it had lodged “stern representations with the US”. It demanded the US stop slandering China over cyber security and urged the charges against the two men be dropped.
It was inevitable: the chinese real estate market has reached the frequent-flyer mile stage. Residential property developer China Vanke is to offer discounts matching users’ online spend on Taobao, Alibaba’s ecommerce website, over the past year. The reductions run from $9,000 to $350,000 on 23 projects in 12 cities.
The cost of making a single worker redundant can be more than &pound 16,000, making it an expensive option for employers who may need to replace axed staff at even greater cost when business improves, a study warns on the 5 Jan.
Bankers Petroleum, the Canadian company, is using steam flooding to coax oil out of Albania's Patos Marinza field, making it one of Europe's largest onshore fields. The oil is heavy and sulphurous, and therefore difficult to extract. But Bankers hopes new technology and the high oil price will make its plan to produce 20,000 barrels a day by 2011 worthwhile.
A couple of weeks ago I sat on a panel to discuss a subject dear to my heart: what people in their fifties and sixties should do with themselves professionally now that everyone is going to live forever.
mr bernanke struck a temperate tone on inflation, reiterating the Fed's view that inflation was still a bigger risk than growth, but offering no suggestion that it was preparing the ground for a further rate hike.
Regulators want big, complex banks to hold larger buffers of capital to protect the financial system. big banks argue this is unnecessary because risk is diversified across their larger balance sheets. Who is right? Natural sciences &ndash  especially epidemiology, ecology and genetics &ndash  provide clues.
However, the OECD said the near-term outlook in the euro area “does not point to a need for a stimulus” while fiscal policy would automatically provide more support to growth than in other regions.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the Indonesian president, was forced yesterday to announce measures to boost local soyabean supply.
Some commentaries assume that achieving financial stability through fiscal discipline is a simple problem. It is not, but tackling it in an orderly way is far better than being dragged kicking and screaming by the bond markets, like some of our European neighbours. Even the critique by Richard Lambert, departing head of the Confederation of British Industry, starts with a strong statement of business support for our deficit reduction commitment (and criticism of our predecessors).
Huntington again courted controversy with a 2004 essay asserting large-scale Latino immigration posed a threat that could "divide the US into two peoples, two cultures, and two languages". Community leaders said they had dismissed similar arguments as coming from white supremacists or immigration isolationists and were alarmed to face such claims from a public figure with stature in the national security community.
The gyrations in commodity prices skew year-on-year inflation numbers. But the core number, excluding food and energy, showed US inflation of 1.5 per cent last month, and falling sharply. It was a little lower than this in 2004, but this is historically very low.
Forecasts of wage increases in more than 50 countries, published by global consultants Hay Group, reveal that real pay, after allowing for local cost of living, is predicted to race ahead in Asia and eastern europe this year compared with the “developed old economies” of western europe and the US.
Netflix founder Reed Hastings was eight when he moved to a new school in Washington DC, where a bigger boy, called Calvin, used to organise fist-fights in the playground.
Ever since hong kong was handed back to China in 1997 by British colonisers, an unresolved question has hung like smog over the city. Would it eventually be able to elect its representatives?
One of the Federal Reserve’s biggest backers of easy monetary policy said he supported slowing down the central bank’s asset purchases once the us economy had enough momentum.
Will there be anything left for investors in Mr Madoff's funds? They will not derive much comfort from history. Ponzi took in $7.9m and had only $61 worth of assets on the premises when he was arrested in August 1920, 200 years to the month after the collapse of the South Sea Bubble.i
Cash-strapped chinese group HNA has stepped up efforts to restore confidence and bolster its balance sheet, announcing that top executives and board directors have bought bonds guaranteed by the company, whose finances are “very healthy”.
In 2010, the Liv-ex Fine Wine 100 Index surged by an intoxicating 40 per cent, closing at 336, having started the year at 239. The performance of the Liv-ex Fine Wine 50 Index (made up of first-growth Bordeaux) was even better in 2010, rising 57 per cent and thereby beating gold, oil and equities.
Aluminum Corp of China suspended its shares yesterday amid expectations of a deal with Rio Tinto, the Anglo-Australian miner.
Manu Bhaskaran, of Centennial Group, an economic consultancy, also argues that support for the government remains strong in comparison with neighbouring Malaysia and Thailand, “where there is corruption and mismanagement”.
For all that, we should feel uncomfortable with the coincidence. The perpetrators alone bear responsibility for murderous bombings such as that in Manchester. There is no room for “ifs” or “buts” or for spurious moral equivalence in such matters. It would also be a mistake to pretend that Islamist extremism is indifferent to the policies of western governments.
Or it would do, if Theresa May’s Conservative government had not chosen last week to give this vital UK business a good thumping. Amber Rudd, the home secretary, told the conservative party conference that the government was considering a two-tier student visa system, “making sure our world-leading institutions can attract the brightest and the best . . . while looking at tougher rules for students on lower-quality courses”.
In recent months Mr Khodorkovsky has become increasingly outspoken in his criticism of Mr Putin, saying at an event in London that a “revolution” was “inevitable” in Russia.
The company, which focuses on making and selling top-of-the-range products, is undergoing a restructuring and plans to list in hong kong in the first half of next year.
The tokyo stock exchange briefly halted dealing in japanese government bond futures yesterday after sellers pounced on the June 10-year JGB contract, causing prices to plunge and pushing benchmark yields 8 basis higher to 60 basis points, one of the biggest daily jumps in recent years. This followed Monday’s stoppage when a surge in buying also triggered official intervention.
In the 1980s, greed may have been seen as good but many investors have long since recognised the need to act responsibly alongside making a buck. The problem is that chasing the good has not necessarily offered investors the chance to satisfy their greed.
The four-year slump that started in 2001 was preceded by a large difference in valuations between hong kong and the mainland.
There have been notable shifts in their positions within the top 10, however. Shanghai-based Ceibs (China Europe international business School) rises to fifth, up from eighth in 2018, making it the highest placed Chinese school to date.
“Nobody’s madder than me about the fact that the website isn’t working as well as it should, which means it’s going to get fixed,” the us president said. “There’s no sugar-coating it. The website has been too slow . . . nobody’s more frustrated by that than I am.”
Global production of solar batteries grew by 47 per cent by volume during 2005, and the pace is believed to have quickened in 2006. One industry estimate suggests that between 2007 and 2009, the global polysilicon supply shortage will be about 9,000 tons a year, or about a fifth of current worldwide capacity.
David Li, chairman and chief executive, said the disposal of its entire collateralised debt obligation holdings was “decisive”. He said the bank would perform better this year although the impact of the “financial tsunami” would extend “well into 2009”.
When I heard of your dilemma I thought immediately of an old paper from the Journal of Political Economy, ”A Theory of Extramarital Affairs” by Ray C. Fair, an economist at Yale.
The company’s latest round of convertible debt financing — which allows investors to swap their debt for equity — comes as Robinhood faced sharp increases in demands for deposits at clearing houses where trades in stocks and options are processed.
Only three refugees have committed fatal terrorist attacks on US domestic soil since 1975 — and all three were Cubans, admitted before the Refugee Act of 1980 created a more rigorous screening process. In fact, if you look at the past four decades, the data suggest that the chance of dying in a terrorist attack by a refugee — of any religion — was just one in 3.64 billion in any given year. That is far lower than the risk of being struck by lightning or even being killed by a falling vending machine (yes, really). It is also minuscule compared with the risks posed by guns and car crashes, which kill about 13,000 and 38,000 Americans respectively each year.
Anyone who has worked in a political position in Washington has had ample experience with great frustration. Almost everyone in us politics feels there is much that is essential yet unfeasible in the current environment. Many yearn for a return to an imagined era when centrists in both parties negotiated bipartisan compromises that moved the country forward. Yet fears about the functioning of the us government have been a recurring feature of the political landscape since Virginian Patrick Henry’s 1791 assertion that the spirit of the revolution had been lost.
Financial panic has hit both the public and politicians of the UK over the past week, to deliver two remarkable results: the first run on a British bank since the collapse of Overend and Gurney in 1866  and the transformation of bank deposits into public debt at the stroke of a pen. These are historic times.
The safe answer is no. McDonald’s and other us consumer icons, such as Coca-Colaand Kraft, are certainly stagnating. Their sales at home and abroad have beenheading downwards. McDonald’s suffered a big drop in Asian revenues last year after it was found using expired meat in China while a human tooth turned up in a burger in Japan . But tastes are also changing. The king of fast food is now toying with artisanal sandwiches and kale. It calls this “brand recovery”.
In contrast, the 24in iMac is a more traditional keyboard-and-mouse operated machine that runs Apple's excellent OS X Leopard operating system and the iLife '08 application suite. It will undoubtedly appeal to both business and family users.
Sudhir Nanda, the head of T. Rowe’s new dedicated “quantitative management” arm, has for the past decade managed the $761bn asset manager’s Diversified Small-Cap Growth Fund, a $2.3bn computer-powered, systematic vehicle that invests in small US companies. The fund has outperformed 93 per cent of its peers over the past five years, returning over 10 per cent annually, according to Bloomberg data.
mr draghi indicated that policy makers were still willing to embark on some kind of quantitative easing if ultra-low inflation persists. “Are we finished? The answer is no.”
In the same period, eurozone household debt has risen from 100 per cent to almost 110 per cent. Historically, Europeans always had a lower debt ratio than Americans, but those two lines have now crossed. It is a stark contrast to the pattern in 2000, say, when the ratio was only 80 per cent in the eurozone – and 90 per cent in America.
The us federal reserve kept its foot on the monetary accelerator but made a slight change to its language on its third round of quantitative easing that puts greater weight on the costs and risks.
LinkedIn does not disclose its financial figures but says it is profitable, with revenues up “well over 100 per cent” year-on-year in 2008.
The need is to ensure that the boards of financial institutions are fitter for their purpose in future.
Meanwhile, Javier Solana, the european union foreign policy chief, is due to talk to Ali Larijani, Iran's top security official, over a possible resumption of negotiations over the nuclear programme. This follows a unanimous vote in the united nations security Council at the weekend to impose sanctions on Tehran.
Qantas said yesterday it had cancelled “firm commitments” for Boeing’s flagship 787-9 Dreamliners as the Australian flag carrier focused on strengthening its balance sheet against an uncertain outlook for the global economy.
Mr Bloomberg, who has flirted with White House campaigns before, had already whipped up anticipation by pledging $80m to Democratic candidates for next month’s midterm elections, since topped up to $100m. “That’s a hell of a lot of IOUs,” remarked one former staffer who, like other Bloomberg intimates, believes a presidential run is a foregone conclusion.
However, China's benchmark shanghai composite index breached the 2,000-points barrier for the first time since July 2001, rising 2.3 per cent to 2,017.28. The index has risen 74 per cent this year, making it the world's best-performing leading equity market.
Even car facilities outside the Hubei area are being affected because of the parts manufacturers housed in the region.
GM acquired Nexteer from Delphi last year as part of arrangements to help the group exit bankruptcy. The US carmaker last year told its suppliers that it would sell it when market conditions improved.
The writer is dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of public policy at the National University of Singapore. His new book, the New Asian Hemisphere, develops the themes of this article/i /i
If the chinese economy were to suffer a nasty accident over the next few years, it is likely that housing will be at the bottom of it.
Investors are also showing keen interest in economy hotels. The private equity heavyweight Warburg Pincus made its first foray last year into the hotel sector with a $62m investment in Lemon Tree, a new chain of mid-priced properties – a segment that it describes as a ”large and untapped opportunity.”
Claiming that Britain’s economy was “turning a corner”, he added that economic indicators had improved even though the government had not changed course on its fiscal plans, something his critics said was highly unlikely.
For many, this undercover assistance will be helpful. But for anyone really serious about stopping their coffee habit, there’s a new way. Pavlok — its name inspired by Russian psychologist Ivan Pavlov — is a bracelet that gives you a mild electric shock if you do something you don’t want to do. This method has no interest in your comfort and dignity, only in “allowing you to achieve 100 per cent of your goals 100 per cent of the time” (in the words of its creator).
参见：a href="http://www.stats.gov.cn/tjfx/jdfx/t20060912 402351149.htm" target= blankhttp://www.stats.gov.cn/tjfx/jdfx/t20060912_402351149.htm/a
The rationale for the banks’ interest in their neighbours is simple. Singapore has been the slowest-growing economy among the five Asean founders. Its 7 per cent compound rate over the past decade pales next to the 10 per cent seen in Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand, let alone Indonesia’s 15 per cent plus. The three banks have managed average earnings growth of at least a tenth, too, as they lowered the percentage of home business from three-quarters to less than two-thirds of their profits.
The Chinese state-controlled company, which is listed in hong kong and Shanghai, said that it expected to announce a substantial profit reduction for the first half. &ldquo Such reduction will result in a net loss attributable to the equity holders of the company for the six months ended June 30 2009,&rdquo  it said.
Mr Obama's positions and his overt and covert messages have not been convincing to the Iranian side. What Joe Biden, the US vice-president, said recently in Munich had a negative impact in Iran  advocating the same “carrot and stick” policy has disappointed Iran. US efforts to convince other nations to go along with its policies against Iran on one hand while pursuing the track of negotiations on the other means a continuation of the attitudes of George W. Bush, but with new words.
In early 1961 the “Portland spy ring” was uncovered in Britain. Its agents included a middle-aged American couple living in a bungalow in suburban Ruislip, who posed as antiquarian booksellers while sending submarine secrets to Russia.
A keystroke by chinese premier li keqiang marked the launch of China’s first online-only bank, reflecting the government’s hope that a new crop of privately owned lenders will expand access to finance for credit-starved smaller borrowers.
He warned that this crisis was &ldquo not simply a more severe version of the usual business cycle recession&rdquo  in which economies &ldquo ultimately adjust and stabilise&rdquo . Rather, it was &ldquo an abrupt correction of financial excesses&rdquo  that had overwhelmed the self-correcting mechanisms of markets&rdquo  and could only be ended by &ldquo extraordinary policy responses&rdquo .
He Jilun, TSM president, says many of these properties are not being put to good commercial use, and his company is in a good position to take advantage as the “largest outdoor advertising supermarket”.
Haskell&rsquo s early landscaping efforts mean that the park&rsquo s vegetation has filled out, accentuating the spacing of the homes and showing that it still adheres to both his vision and the original sales pitch: &ldquo Country houses for city people.&rdquo  Although the first homes were relatively modest &ndash  Gothic villas and cottages designed to be in harmony with their romantic environment &ndash  Haskell was also selling an exclusive enclave, close to new york yet a world away. That exclusivity has also stood the test of time, even if Llewellyn Park&rsquo s cachet is now more about lifestyle than counting an Auchincloss among your neighbours.
But the delegates who will gather in Beijing already answer to a higher authority – the Communist party, whose rules trump national laws. The party’s extrajudicial power to detain and investigate its own has been in full effect this year, the second of a sweeping crackdown on endemic corruption.
A criminal complaint filed in Boston alleges the scam was run for seven years by William Singer, a former high school basketball coach. Parents had two options: the first was to have their children claim medical disabilities and take tests in facilities with bribed staff. Alternatively, university coaches were paid to designate children as student-athletes, increasing their odds of entry. Parents were charged up to $75,000.
The chinese government bond market is already the third-largest in the world, although foreigners only own a small slice of it. Moreover, it is one of the few markets where yields are positive and relatively attractive.
But the fact that art masterpieces are also non-fungible does not stop their prices from falling. Neither does diminishing supply, as any landowner these days will tell you. What is more, these characteristics are well known and should be reflected in prices at auction. Therefore something else must be pushing prices higher.
The first end game involved acquisitions at silly valuations (the NYSE’s earnings multiple peaked at about 66, according to Bloomberg data) backed by overblown growth stories. Politicians treated exchanges as a matter of national importance. The dow jones Global Exchanges index is still 46 per cent below its peak. The new end game recognises the changed reality for exchanges. These are mergers of equals that are about cutting costs. Investors seem fine with that, judging by the 16 per cent pop in NYSE Euronext’s shares after its talks were announced, and the positive reception for the LSE-TMX deal.
China and India are often believed to be the most competitive economies in the world – a threat to advanced economies with low-cost manufacturing and services, but also an opportunity with huge markets and combined populations of more than 2bn.
Yukio Edano, Japan’s chief cabinet secretary, said there was a “significant possibility” that a meltdown had occurred at both the Number One and Number Three reactors at the facility. “We are acting under the assumption that it has,” he told a televised news conference.
Gaining an accurate picture of what is happening to Wenzhou's industry is difficult – there have been few reports of bankruptcies among companies or underground banks, unlike the export hub in Guangdong in southern China. But Zhou Dewen, head of the association that represents the city's small and medium-sized companies, says production has stopped or been cut at 20 per cent of Wenzhou's factories, while exports have fallen 15 per cent this year.
In addition to Chinese tourism, Mr Ponomarenko sees transfer traffic between Europe and China as key to growing Sheremetyevo’s passenger flows.
One year on from it being signed into law, the wall street Reform and Consumer Protect Act is on track to meet its promise. Critics attack it, but the act allows financial institutions to perform the vital function of accumulating capital and making it available to the productive elements in our society, while minimising the likelihood of irresponsible practices that contribute little to productive economic activity.
Applications to us business schools may be surging, but the on-campus recruiting scene in the financial services industry – typically the biggest consumer of newly minted MBAs – is on the verge of slumping.
Alarmed by how much of these funds are ending up in land banks or slum redevelopment projects, regulators want to put a stop to such property plays, placing a moratorium on the practice in September. But some local officials are sceptical a clampdown is really working while Beijing faces pressure to provide more financing as a buffer against slowing economic growth.
Dominique Strauss-Kahn’s legal troubles may just be starting but so too is the battle over who will succeed him as chief of the international monetary Fund.
According to our latest estimates, so far this decade there has been nearly as much global demand from the bric countries as from the US. Going forward, their share of global demand will start to move towards that of all the G7 (group of seven leading industrialised nations).
The latest economic outlook from the OECD is less gloomy about the immediate economic impact of Covid-19 than it was in June. At that time, the Paris-based international organisation was so uncertain that it provided not one forecast but two, neither of which was preferred. The more optimistic one assumed a “single hit” from coronavirus  the more pessimistic one a double hit. In the event, large parts of the world, notably the US and western Europe, experienced such a double hit. Yet the economic outcomes this year are now expected to be better than had been feared in the case of a single-hit pandemic. (See charts.)
“A genius from Monday to Friday,” was one contemporary verdict. “Every weekend he goes mad.”
oil prices touched their highest level since March on Tuesday, rising above $47 a barrel after a raft of positive vaccine news sparked a comeback in one of the sectors hardest hit by the pandemic.
Whenever Jim Rogers is lacking inspiration, the chief executive of Duke Energy can turn to the large painting behind his office desk in the company's headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Alibaba, China’s leading ecommerce company that is expected to list in the coming months, will invest HK$2.8bn ($364m) in Haier, the Chinese appliance maker, to expand its logistics and distribution network.
Although banks have been going digital for years, and “fintechs” have been around for a while, the industry has not fundamentally changed. That is because disruption can happen only as quickly as regulators allow it. The pace is limited not only by valid safety and soundness considerations but also the painfully slow speed of regulatory innovation. We are trying to regulate a digital world with 20th century architecture that was designed for physical assets.
Jamsetji N Tata, the founder of Tata, created Taj Hotels, opening its first property – The Taj Mahal palace hotel – in Mumbai in 1903.
global trade in goods is contracting, manufacturing investment is weak across the world and global supply chains are unravelling. Yet finance seems relatively untouched by the US-China trade tensions — immune, even, from the overwhelming pressures of deglobalisation. This counter-intuitive development cries out for explanation.
Bad grades were the least of Warren's troubles in junior high. His parents didn't know it, but their son had turned to a life of crime.
Mr Thamotheram sees a gap in the market for the product and says current interest is coming from pension funds in the UK, France, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
Stephen Green, of Standard Chartered bank in Shanghai, says today's excess liquidity is the result of a host of policies rolled out over two decades and that “there is indeed no easy way of reversing them”.
However, it added that Bloomberg journalists were previously encouraged to use data from its $20,000-a-year terminals to track the Bloomberg users that they wrote about. There was a general understanding in the newsroom that journalists should not reveal such practices, the reviews also found.
In China, state-directed lending and bad loans go together like, well, the country’s big four banks and their bad bank shadows. News that one such bad bank, Huarong, is in talks to sell a stake ahead of a planned listing next year will come as no surprise to those already expecting the float of rival Cinda later this year. After all, it would be nice to clear up the last loan mess before addressing the next one.
Sydney-based asia pacific stock exchange said it expected to list up to 10 companies this year as it exploited growing business links and capital flows between Australia and the region. APX is aiming to attract Chinese and other asian companies keen to expand into a western market, as well as Australian groups keen to expand their investor base into Asia.
After several weeks of this, I realised the changes went deeper than the sunburn. Between the heatwave and the World Cup, everyone had become cheerful, friendly — downright sunny. “If we had four months of sunshine a year,” a British friend declared one warm evening, “it would change the national psyche.”
Let's not forget that Mr Lampert, when he was a young pup, worked for Bob Rubin in Goldman's arbitrage unit. Mr Rubin is now the man behind the scenes at Citigroup. And could it be that Mr Lampert followed another large Citigroup shareholder, Prince Al-Waleed, the "Warren Buffett of the Middle East", into Motorola? Motorola had been one of the best brands in cellphones, until it failed to find a follow-up to the Razr. Carl Icahn is in a full-force attack here, and with Mr Lampert piling in things could get interesting.
The Beijing-based company, which listed on the new york stock exchange last summer, was asked by the Securities and Exchange Commission’s enforcement unit to share “certain financial and operating records” from 2017, the education group revealed in a filing on Wednesday.
The additional income has allowed Ma to remain in Qiqihar, close to her parents, who at first found her side career barely intelligible.
And it is not just mr xi who is prioritising industrial clean-ups — other fast-growing economies are following his lead. While these countries still need industrial materials to fuel their economic growth, they are increasingly seeking less-polluting ways of sourcing and processing these raw materials.
Diplomatic efforts aimed at joint exploration of the east china sea have sharpened since October 2006 when Shinzo Abe, Japan's former prime minister, pulled off a diplomatic coup by visiting Beijing after years of strained relations. A Japanese official said a further breakthrough had come when mr hu met Yasuo Fukuda, Mr Abe's successor, in Beijing last month. "The political will is there," the official said, though a "considerable gulf" remained over some details.
“We will of course watch what happens to AIA,” he said. “We are very interested to see what happens after our transaction was one that was not consummated.
intellectual property theft by China became one of the world’s most pressing trade concerns this year, after us president donald trump said he would level tariffs on Chinese high tech industries, which he accused of being built on the back of stolen US technology.
The company still spends far less lobbying in Washington than Google, which has spent $7.8m lobbying so far this year compared with $1.4m for Apple. But its focus on the DOJ last year was critical.
Kiichi Murashima, chief economist at Nikko Citigroup in Tokyo, said the early signs for the current quarter were good, with January data even showing a promising recovery in consumption. A recent household survey showed spending up 0.6 per cent year-on-year, the first such rise since December 2005.
Now, the lender has its sights on a broader Middle Eastern footprint, underlining the deepening financial links that are accompanying the rising volumes of trade and investment between the Gulf and China.
Tony Hayward and Carl­Henric Svanberg, BP's chief executive and chairman, will on Wednesday meet Barack Obama, the US president, for the first time since the Deepwater Horizon rig disaster on April 20. The accident killed 11 oil workers and resulted in tens of thousands of barrels of oil spewing into the Gulf of Mexico.
According to the state department, Macao lacks a set of comprehensive anti-trafficking laws and often fails to investigate or prosecute cases. It also criticised the Macao government for not recognising it had a significant trafficking problem.
My Life in Politics, assembled from interviews by a friendly biographer, spans four decades in high office. Beginning with his stint as employment minister under Georges Pompidou, when Chirac says he dissuaded unions from joining the 1968 student protests, the book ends with his second term as president, during which he won notoriety in the US and acclaim at home for opposing the Iraq war.
But although Mr Ai was abducted and detained, interrogated and intimidated by Chinese security agents without charge for nearly three months in 2011, he has never been charged or convicted of a crime in China.
But the future will not lie in the hands of those companies. Instead, it will be the investment decisions of national oil companies, many of which are in Opec countries, that will decide whether there is enough oil to see the world out of economic turmoil. And it will be up to governments to ensure the environment is considered in times of economic sickness, as well as in times of economic health.
Furthermore, for economic recovery, a healthy US-China supply chain is required. The us economy will need productivity gains resulting from a shift from construction to exports. us exports to China have grown much faster than to any other trading partner: last year they grew by 18 per cent and since 2000 they have grown by 300 per cent. In the long run, our export growth will help bring acceptable levels of inflation, employment and living standards, exactly what the obama administration has a mandate to deliver.
Shares in the us group rose more than 6 per cent to a five-year high of $21.35 after it confirmed a wall street Journal report that it was “considering a restructuring to separate its business into two distinct publicly traded companies”.
“I’ll give you a big story. I would do TPP if we made a much better deal than we had,” he told CNBC in an interview Thursday on the sidelines of the world economic forum in Davos.
The downgrade shows how 2014 threatens to become another disappointing year for global growth, as the slowdown in economies such as Brazil comes on top of a shock 2.9 per cent annualised fall in US output in the first quarter.
Much like the EU emissions trading system, which started in 2005, China’s scheme would allow the biggest corporate polluters to buy credits from those that do not emit as much.
HSBC’s $9.4bn sale of its stake in China’s Ping An Insurance has been thrown into doubt after Thai buyer CP Group lost funding for some of the 15.6 per cent shareholding.
Compare and contrast with any large bank, where risk management too often degenerates into mere compliance. In such a culture, traders will always find ways around the rules. And if those in charge of the bank are rewarded with bonuses and other incentives where the award is not deferred for long enough, you have a roller-coaster cycle of escalating returns invariably followed by heavy losses.
A production sharing contract signed last May gives CNOOC and its partner, china international Oil and Gas, the right to 49 per cent of profits from any oil they discover, the financial times has learnt from one person who has seen the document.
Problems with housing have a time lag, but the steady decline in jobs growth shows, according to the bears, that the economy is sliding towards recession. If the problems in the money market prove to be at the worse end of expectations, and persist well into the year then so much the worse.
When the government first flagged its intention to privatise the company, its stake was worth more than A$30bn. Since then profits warnings, public disputes with regulators, a stock market investigation into alleged improper disclosure practices and allegations of cronyism by Sol Trujillo, the chief executive, have combined to produce one of the most turbulent periods in Telstra’s history.
Global efforts to force banks to prepare &ldquo living wills&rdquo  so they can be dismantled more easily in a crisis have been stepped up by UK regulators who have begun drawing up detailed plans for what is required.
Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar chief executive, has identified the mining industry as a key area of expansion.
Booms start off slowly but busts can be sudden and devastating. So the growth in China’s trust industry from Rmb1tn in assets under management in 2007 to Rmb5.3tn ($831bn) today, or a tenth of the nation’s output, should not be ignored.
According to Wien, Soros likes the game, too: “George loves to be able to show from time to time that he can do it.” But while he loves to play, he is disdainful of a life lived purely to accumulate more chips. His epiphany came in 1981, when he had to scramble to raise money to pay for an investment in bonds. “I thought I would have a heart attack,” he told me. “And then I realised that to die just for the sake of getting rich, I would be a loser.”
George Washington carried a musket. Franklin Roosevelt sent in heavy bombers. But for president barack Obama, who must reconcile a weary American public with the demands of an increasingly unstable world, the armament of choice has been a weaponised form of finance.
Over the past three years, I have closely followed the German finance minister with a growing sense of disbelief. Peer Steinbrück's lack of diplomacy is remarkable only insofar as that it has now become known to a wider audience. He has been talking like this forever. His bashing of the “Anglo-Saxons” goes down very well in Germany for now. But at the time of the general elections in September 2009, Germany and the rest of the eurozone will be in the middle of an economic depression. Then people will be asking why their chancellor and their finance minister have been so extraordinarily complacent.
“Some of my friends were making more money and my wife wanted me to be more successful. She felt that, compared with them, I was a loser,” he says with characteristic candour.
The growing evidence that the credit squeeze and housing meltdown are spreading to the rest of the domestic economy will increase pressure on the federal reserve to set aside concerns over rising inflation and cut interest rates today.
The cash call, equivalent to about 11 per cent of the existing share base and supported by Temasek and Richard Ong’s RRJ Capital, was always likely to be a breeze. Kunlun’s parent is PetroChina and its business is distributing natural gas just as China begins a big shift towards cleaner energy, specifically gas. About 3 per cent of China’s power generation comes from gas right now, compared with two-thirds from coal. However, gas usage is set to soar, more than doubling from current levels to 260bn cubic metres by 2015 and by half as much again by 2020, according to Bernstein.
Caterina Preti, a 19-year-old Italian student who moved from Milan to London in September, says: “I didn't really notice how bad it was until I moved. What I've noticed here is that you don't see girls in bikinis or naked women on television, always smiling. People in Italy are so used to it, there is no push to try to change it.”
China initially found itself in South Sudan’s conflicts more by default than design. Just two years after it gained independence, civil war broke out in December 2013. Beijing was faced with the choice of stepping in and supporting mediation or withdrawing and abandoning its assets—most significantly oil fields—to looting and destruction.
China, however, has some obvious BPO niches to exploit. Genpact offers multinational clients help with their operations in the booming Chinese market, such as a medical telemarketing service whose staff call 33,000 hospitals every month to gauge their buying needs.
The setback – which follows an earlier postponement from spring to November – has forced the European launch to be put back to March, while the number of units that will be available this year in the US and Japan will be halved from 4m to 2m.
Shares in carmakers in Europe and the US tumbled, as investors worried the allegations could draw in other carmakers and threaten the future of diesel technology — already under fire from policymakers concerned about air quality in Europe.
Some will emerge as heroes. Not that they will receive the acclaim. Public credit for getting through the crisis is likely to accrue to their superiors, as it almost always does.
But the trial of Ms Gu might have been a challenge even for Lord Bao. While some people believe the wife of purged Chinese politician bo xilai is a pawn in an internal party struggle, others believe justice is being done.
The soaring prices of oil and other commodities are something of a puzzle, since global economic growth is slowing: consensus forecasts for June have world growth at 2.9 per cent this year (at market exchange rates), down from 3.8 per cent in 2007, largely because of the slowdown in the high-income countries, with us growth forecast at only 1.5 per cent this year, down from 2.2 per cent in 2007, and growth in western europe at 1.8 per cent, down from 2.8 per cent in 2007.
Post-crisis, the banks could observe the funding and liquidity problems of peers in the west, and respond accordingly. At ANZ, for example, deposit growth exceeded loan growth by about A$50bn over the past three years, while its A$20bn portfolio of liquid assets is bigger than its total offshore wholesale debt. Apra can, therefore, keep its four AA-rated lenders – now accounting for half of the highest-rated banks in the world – on a very tight leash. It wants banks to meet minimum basel iii rules by 2013, well ahead of the international pack.
The participants have agreed that external imbalances often reflect internal problems that pose risks for themselves, as well as international partners. Policy commitments have been offered that serve countries' own interests as well as the strategic goal agreed at the IMF to reduce global imbalances. The Chinese authorities, for instance, have indicated their intention to make the “reduction of external imbalances a major objective of economic and social development for 2007”. They have announced measures to achieve this objective, such as increasing the flexibility of the exchange rate. The US has also announced several steps, including tax incentives to support private saving, and measures to enhance energy efficiency.
“The state will not let anyone be completely let go,” says Zhang Lijuan, a former Masteel worker. “I heard Masteel’s bosses put up a fight, and Anhui leaders will provide funds to Masteel to cover retirement pensions.”
fund managers distributed $318bn to their limited partners as of June last year, and $330bn in 2011, through dividends and asset disposals, according to data compiled by pension fund adviser Hamilton Lane. This exceeded distributions in 2007 – $305bn – the peak of the leveraged buyout boom.
Alice Newton-Rex is in her company’s boardroom performing card tricks to her team. Magic is not generally part of her role as chief product officer at money transfer business WorldRemit, and her inexperience shows as she asks a colleague to pick a card at random and look at it, then return it before she nervously shuffles the deck. Amazingly, that card now appears at the top of the pile. No one seems more surprised than Ms Newton-Rex, who has only had a few minutes to practise the routine.
chinese inflation slowed sharply in March as food prices fell in the wake of the country’s New Year holiday and the central bank drained cash from the economy.
The General Administration of civil aviation of China (CAAC) said yesterday it had ordered domestic airlines to cut 48 daily flights in and out of Beijing immediately in an attempt to curb dangerously fast growth. It said the initial flight cancellations would not affect services to smaller destinations or to any “red” tourist areas that were the backdrop to important events in the Communist party's history.
Mr Long says: “The Football League have to approve who you are selling to and directors have to pass a fit and proper persons test as well.”
The demonstrations in Ukraine are both a humiliation and a threat to Mr Putin. While the russian president may laud the deep cultural and historical ties between Ukraine and Russia, he is discovering that tens of thousands of Ukrainians would prefer to brave freezing temperatures and flying truncheons rather than be drawn closer into the Russian sphere of influence.
iMG src="http://www4.ftchinese.com/ftimages/000004028/1.gif" border=0
As the sector has become more competitive, many private banks have added services including independent financial advice, trust and taxation planning and family wealth transfer advice. All offer a personal “relationship” manager who promises that you will always be a name, not a number.
So the boot is now on the other foot. The IMF is forecasting that the advanced economies will just about keep their heads above water. With luck, growth this year and next will come in at a touch above 1 per cent. If they do avoid recession – and most of my American friends think it unlikely as far as the US is concerned – they will have to thank robust growth rates in Asia and Latin America. The forecast for China is growth of about 9 per cent in both years, for India 8 per cent and for emerging and developing economies as a whole something more than  6 per cent.
“These governance reforms are tremendously important for the future of our institution,” Rodrigo Rato, the IMF managing director, will say in a speech today. “There is much work to do, but this vote is a great start. It shows that the spirit of international co-operation is alive and well at the fund.”
Unlike most rich families in the territory, Sir Run Run's children have not displayed much interest in running the business.
Tesla’s new sports car is a throwback to its first vehicle, the Lotus-designed Roadster.
Tom Hudson, a director at Farr Vintners, the biggest Bordeaux specialist in the UK, said: &ldquo The trade within the UK has slowed down dramatically. . . we're relying heavily on exports now.&rdquo  He said Asia had replaced the US as a key export market.
Widespread complaints about Apple’s map software led the company to issue a rare apology after its release in September. Soon after, tim cook made his first substantial changes to Apple’s executive team since becoming chief executive last year, a reshuffle partly precipitated by the maps debacle.
Russia’s reforming defence minister fell victim to a high-level power struggle when he was fired by president vladimir putin yesterday over allegations of corruption and amid rumours about his private life.
Italy, Thailand, Egypt, the US and Switzerland have postponed or cancelled units since the accident, Germany has decided to abandon nuclear power and many states are reviewing safety procedures. However, China, India, Russia, south korea and other big countries have all retained their programmes.
state media reported this week that new loans issued in January reached Rmb1,200bn, which, if confirmed, would represent the third month in a row of sharply higher credit expansion. Economists expect the chinese central bank, which has cut interest rates five times since September, to ease monetary policy further.
The warning in 2005 was criticised as “self-serving” because Goldman Sachs is one of the largest wall street investment banks trading oil and it could profit from an increase in prices.
“Some 80 per cent of the 100m migrants that went home to another province [for the lunar new year holiday] have returned to their place of work,” added Bert Hofman, director of the east asian Institute at the National University of Singapore. “But even for them it is not clear whether they have their jobs back.”
The smell of burning buildings still hangs in the air nearly two weeks after violent rioting swept through the old Tibetan quarter of Lhasa, leaving behind a string of shops and apartments reduced to charcoal frames.
Alibaba Group, China’s largest e-commerce company, is restructuring its consumer business in an attempt to fight off growing competition in the domestic market and integrate the different parts of the group more closely.
Desree is one of 334,000 foreign students enrolled in Russian universities, according to government figures, a cohort that has more than doubled since 2010 as part of a push by Moscow to ramp up a policy that served as an instrument of soft power during the cold war.
Lyft likes to position itself as the kinder, more socially aware, alternative to Uber, the swashbuckling leader in the ride-hailing sector. But that didn’t stop Messrs Green and Zimmer from ignoring requests from the Council of institutional investors that they opt for one share, one vote, or at least put in a “sunset clause”, which would automatically reduce their voting power after seven years.
What can be said with moderate certainty is that a global system designed in 1945 will not survive the coming age of discontinuities. An order centred around the political, cultural and economic hegemony of the west can scarcely outlive the redistribution of global power.
Democrats lost control of the House of Representatives in the vote on Tuesday and saw their majority in the Senate sharply reduced – a result that will make it much more difficult for the president to pass legislation during the remaining two years of his term.
Now look at the economics. On balance, the changes already legislated for 2008 and beyond (a major cut in corporate taxes and a gradual increase in the retirement age versus minimum wages for some sectors and more generous nursing care benefits) will still make Germany a better place to invest. But ahead of a series of state elections starting in early 2008 and culminating in the federal poll in late 2009, many Social Democrats demand more: an extra 6-12 months of unemployment benefits for workers above 50, a generous national minimum wage and some reversal of the liberalisation of temp agency employment. If ms merkel granted them all these wishes, which is unlikely, the damage could be significant. Up to 200,000 of Germany's potential new jobs, especially for older and less qualified people, might not be created in the next five years.
At least school reports serve a clear purpose: to tell the parent how the child is doing. With work appraisals there is no parent to inform. The appraisal is a contract between two people usually entered into in a spirit of embarrassment, false optimism and weary duty. It serves no purpose, and would be far better scrapped.
His speech was the final lecture that the students would hear before taking part in the school's Ring Tradition Ceremony, a ritual during which students pledge to act ethically and honestly throughout their careers.
With a sharp cyclical rebound in 2017 and ahead of the 19th Party Congress, Xi Jinping’s government initiated assertive financial regulation, as well as greater party control over the operational management of enterprises and the lives of citizens. Concerns about the economy and rising debt were elbowed aside, but as the intensive policy-driven factors behind the upturn fade, the economy, and the next policy shift, will come back into sharper focus.
The hedge fund run by John Paulson, one of the world’s highest-profile gold bulls, has sold more than half its shares in the largest exchange traded fund backed by the metal, according to a regulatory filing.
Edward Liddy, chief executive of AIG, warned last month that the insurer would be unable to &quot attract and retain the best and brightest talent&quot  if the us government imposed curbs on executive pay. When the top management of a company kept alive by a $170bn bail-out speaks like that, we get a sense of just how resilient the ideology of talent has become within the corporate world. However, the causes and severity of this recession threaten this ideology's credibility - with potentially considerable consequences for management and the workplace.
“Foreign investors are expected to be increasingly important in all global markets in 2008 as they seek higher returns and better diversification to reduce risk,” Mr Hutchings said.
Industrial output rose  5.3 per cent year on year in January and February, according to the national bureau of Statistics, the lowest since the same period in 2002 and down from 5.7 per cent in December. The reading was shy of a Reuters poll forecasting growth of 5.5 per cent.
…says Anthony Chan at Alliance Bernstein. The view that rising wages in China herald the end of a decade of ultra-low inflation in the west has a fatal flaw – the value chain.
The company is testing technology that inserts a tiny microchip into each pill swallowed and sends a reminder by text message if they fail to follow their doctors' prescriptions.
Qantas yesterday endorsed expectations of continued strong profits growth, further fuelling the debate over the pending takeover of Australia's dominant airline by a private equity consortium.
Underlying this report is the idea of the Anthropocene — an era in which human activity has become a dominant influence on the planet. The report notes the rise in global concentrations of carbon dioxide is 20 parts per million per decade. This is up to 10 times faster than any sustained rise in CO2 in the past 800,000 years. The previous epoch with similar CO2 concentrations to today’s was the Pliocene, 3m-3.3m years ago. We are the shapers of the planet now. This ought to transform how we think. Unfortunately, it has not.
The move comes as analysts estimate that Europe’s biggest banks will have to reduce staff still further to generate attractive returns after the death of businesses that fuelled profits in recent years.
Has the Sage of Omaha, now 82, lost his touch? In his annual letter to the stockholders of berkshire hathaway published last week, warren buffett admitted a “subpar” performance in 2012. He acknowledged that his next annual letter may show that, for the first time, his fund had underperformed the S&P index over a five-year period.
However, he was so troubled by the $263 list price set for the last edition released in 2010 that he resolved to find a cheaper way to get the book made.
Many day traders are addicted to the adrenaline rush they feel when they place a trade. Being a workaholic is a serious addiction, where you feel you are only functioning normally if you have a heavy work-related and stressful schedule. Addiction is incurable. Most people reading this column are addicts of some sort. The safest way to end an addiction is with a “methadone”: replacing an addiction with another, hopefully milder form of the original.
As vice-chairman of the National Defence Commission, and brother-in-law to the late Kim Jong Il, Jang Song Thaek was seen as one of the two most influential members of Mr Kim’s administration. But he has been dismissed from his official positions, South Korea’s National Intelligence Service claimed yesterday. It said that this had been announced to the North Korean military, and that two of Mr Jang’s close associates had been executed publicly.
While Dongdong is happy to be out of doors, her life has yet to return to normal. Her Beijing friends decided against inviting her on a holiday biking trip because they were afraid she had carried the virus from Wuhan, where officials insist the risk of infection is low.
Still, this list of complaints doesn't answer the question. You want to know if you should blow the whistle, and if it makes a difference that he is a star.
Moreover, foreign governments probably have more leverage than they often imagine. Russia appears not to care very much about what foreigners think of its human rights situation, but anyone who has written articles about China or even tried to show a few documentaries in a film festival knows that the chinese authorities will go to considerable lengths to try to mute criticism.
The latest Programme for International Student Assessment (Pisa) league table, assessed in 2006, will disappoint the British government. It has boosted the education budget by billions of pounds in recent years and made education one of the linchpins of its agenda.
Lending between banks in Europe and the US effectively halted. The so-called Ted spread – the difference between three-month Libor and Treasury bill rates, which measures fear over banks – moved above 3 per cent, higher than the record close after the Black Monday stock market crash of 1987.
“This is all part of the deleveraging campaign,” said Hong Hao, head of research in Bocom International in Hong Kong. “The owners of these companies have had to pledge shares just to get access to capital.”
In the wake of Mr Lai’s arrest, those once-thriving investment banking businesses — once the source of so much capital — are now being downscaled in a move that has jolted Asia’s markets for credit and high-yield bonds.
Not so, mr greenspan says. Over the course of three hours of interviews in his office on Washington, DC's Connecticut Avenue, the former fed chairman argues that times have changed.
Shel Pink – daughter-in-law of Orly nail-care founder Jeff – is the only second-generation family member to join the company. In 2005 she developed the SpaRitual line of mostly organic nail and skin-care products. “I'm not the typical Orly employee,” she confesses, “I don't have to worry about job security.”
In recent times, however, marble has suffered an image problem. Owing to its association with ostentation, decoration and excess, it dropped off the radar in contemporary design for the best part of two decades. Yet, recent technological developments, the return to fashion of a more upmarket style, and the material’s powerful natural qualities are all helping to endear the material to a new generation of designers.
Element Six - a company controlled by De Beers, the world's biggest maker of artificial diamonds - has set up a $100m venture fund to promote the use of these materials in areas from artificial hips and knees to electronics and water purification.
China Grace, Chairman's Reserve Merlot/Cabernet 2004.
Greece and its creditors are close to reaching an outline deal this week on the debt-laden country’s €86bn rescue programme, amid signs of growing German isolation over its tough stance towards Athens.
Lloyds TSB private banking has 45,000 clients and targets those with assets of &pound 250,000 or more but will consider those below, especially those with potential to add to their wealth. It will also take on clients with &pound 100,000 who want to use its asset management service.
The chief executives of some of the world's largest companies, including General Electric, Siemens and BASF, have in recent days criticised China's business and investment climate.
These latest crises are also related to those that preceded them – particularly the asian crisis of 1997-98. Only after this shock did emerging economies became massive capital exporters. This pattern was reinforced by China's choice of an export-oriented development path, partly influenced by fear of what had happened to its neighbours during the Asian crisis. It was further entrenched by the recent jumps in the oil price and the consequent explosion in the current account surpluses of oil exporting countries.
In subsequent days, ExxonMobil — which held the title of world’s most valuable company until it was overhauled by Apple — edged back above Facebook and Amazon. But it may only be a temporary reprieve. A seemingly inexorable shift in business and stock market momentum is under way, as today’s technology leaders assume a more central place in personal and business life.
Plastic surgery has become emide rigueur /i/emin Korea, where people constantly talk about iol jjang, mom jjang – /igreat face, great body
China will cut value-added tax rates for selected industries and provide tax rebates for others as part of its efforts to boost a slowing economy.
Nasdaq will tighten requirements for companies seeking to go public on its exchange, a move that will affect a set of countries that includes China.
The renminbi is set to notch its best quarter since the global financial crisis, helped by a sell-off in the dollar and bets from traders that the worst of the tit-for-tat tariffs between Washington and Beijing have passed.
A turning point was reached in July when Mario Draghi, ECB president, pledged to do “whatever it takes” to save the euro. The frequent all-nighters in Brussels, as well as developments around the region, were covered by our correspondents and analysed by influential commentators from inside and outside the FT.
“One of our ideas is to convert London taxis [to electric cars],” Li Shufu, the company's chairman, told the financial times in an interview. “We are doing research on this project.”
For the model portfolio, on a strategic level, UBS has decided to keep the real estate and hedge fund allocations static - at 10 and 20 per cent respectively. At a tactical level, though, the investments used have been adapted according to clients' profiles. "For example, if we have a higher-risk investor, we might use more equity-led hedge funds," explains Rankin.
“Over the course of the last week or so we have seen an erosion in commitments by China,” Mr Lighthizer said. “Really, I would use the word reneging on prior commitments.” Mr Mnuchin described a “big change in direction for the negotiations”.
However, the attitude has begun to change in Beijing - in part because of a recognition that climate change could have a potentially huge impact on China itself.
The west is also making its own contribution to the food crisis – through subsidies for biofuels. An American cartoon recently captured this unpleasant reality. It showed a fat man extracting a corncob from an African child's food bowl, with the speech bubble: “Excuse me, I'm going to need this to run my car.” Alex Evans of new york University suggests that these global inequalities mean that it might be more useful to think about “food democracy” than about “food security”.
What I remember, from watching on television, is not only how calmly definitive Dr Rosenberg, chief of surgery at the US National Cancer Institute, was, but how clearly he described Reagan’s condition and its consequences. “There are many forms of cancer,” he said. As this one had not spread, the president’s chances of living a normal lifespan were “excellent”. Reagan lived another 19 years, dying in 2004 at the age of 93.
investment banks have suffered a poor start to the year in Asia after their most profitable year in the region in 2007.
In his work of the 1950s and 1960s, Friedman took on all these propositions in turn. In a celebrated paper published in 1957 he argued that consumption depended not on current, but on permanent or long-term, income  in A Monetary History of the united states (1963), co-authored with Anna Schwartz, and a number of empirical studies co-authored with David Meiselman, he sought to reinstate the quantity theory of money, the view that a stable relationship exists between the money supply and nominal demand  and in his famous presidential address to the American Economic Association in 1968 he advanced the “natural rate of unemployment”, also known as the “non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment” (NAIRU), in place of the trade off between inflation and output implied by the then-fashionable “Phillips Curve”.
In a statement, news corp acknowledged “serious wrongdoing” at News of the World and said its response was “too slow and too defensive”. But it also noted that the report, endorsed by six votes to four, had divided the committee “along party lines”.
Over the past year China’s economy, not immune to problems in the west, has cooled. The bulk of the cooling, though, is the result of a deliberate and successful policy to curb inflation. Now, with price rises low, the authorities are easing to avoid a hard landing.
Deutsche first bought into Hua Xia in 2006, at a time when many western lenders were keen to get access to the growth potential of the Chinese market.
Core prices, which exclude volatile food and energy prices, gained 0.2 per cent following a 1.3 per cent increase in November, government figures showed.
“There is huge market potential in other parts of the world but we have been cautious. We have to understand the local regulatory environment,” says Mr Fei. “We chose Asean [south-east Asian nations] as a first step to do some tests. If it is successful, we will go for other countries.”
What happens when millions of individuals suddenly decide to dabble in a frothy stock market?
On money markets, yields on one-month Treasury bills surged by 83 basis points to 3.15 per cent while three-month paper jumped by 17bp to 3.77 per cent.
Excessive pay awards for company executives came under fire on the 14 May from the European Union's top economic policymakers, who condemned them as “scandalous” at a time when ordinary employees are under pressure to accept modest wage deals.
“An increasing number of firms are telling us that they are going to start passing the cost increases through and they will be reflected in final goods prices,” he said in an interview on the sidelines of the Kansas City Fed’s annual conference in Jackson Hole. “Businesses have told me that they have been able to absorb a fair amount of the price increases to date but that their ability to do that is diminishing.”
The optimists in the steel sector, however, play down such worries.
But the WTO also said it was detecting signs that rising trade tensions may already be having an impact on business confidence and investment decisions. It warned that any escalation in the sort of tit-for-tat tariff wars that the US and China have threatened in recent weeks would undermine the global recovery.
The expected slide in profits from S&P 500 companies, which began reporting second quarter results this week, will deepen the stock market's concerns over the depth of the credit crisis and us economic slowdown.
Global film powerhouse Sony Pictures Entertainment has partnered with Chinese property-to-movies group Dalian Wanda to co-invest in films as well as distribute across Wanda’s broad network of cinemas, the two companies said.
Speaking at a press conference in the White House Rose Garden, mr trump accused China of reneging on a trade deal that he said the two nations had agreed last month but added that he still hoped to sign an agreement with China.
Conrad Black, the Canada-born British peer and former owner of the Daily Telegraph, was last night facing more than a decade in jail after being convicted of fraud and obstruction of justice.
There are “significant hurdles” to a tie-up between british airways and Qantas and the situation has become more difficult after news of the talks leaked last week, the Australian airline's new chief executive warned yesterday.
This decade will see older people working longer. That's not surprising. In addition to governments from Britain to Greece raising the retirement age, low interest rates and the death of defined benefit pensions mean many people will not have enough money at age 65 to enjoy their sunset years. They will be forced to work to make ends meet.
A unique combination of topography and climatology produces perfect conditions for the development of thunderstorms over the lake. Being in the tropics, heat and humidity are at permanently high levels, and the lake sits in a large valley surrounded by the northernmost ridges of the Andes. Evening winds blowing down from the mountains drive air over the lake, warming it and creating convection. The resulting thunder clouds generate the most intense and predictable lightning in the world.
China has never attempted to hide its desire to enter a market dominated by Boeing of the US and Europe's Airbus.
Home Credit’s return on average equity in 2016 was 16.2 per cent, according to a company presentation. Other consumer finance companies agree growth has been explosive. Howard Liu, founder and chief executive of Beijing-based MeiLi Finance Group, says monthly lending reached $2bn in June. The annual rates on MeiLi’s loans run anywhere from 5 per cent to 35 per cent.
For starters, listing fees comprise only one-tenth of total income and the bulk of that comes from annual payments. More pertinently, hong kong has stolen a march on fast-growing derivatives – it is home to one of the world's biggest equity warrants markets – and is staying ahead through innovation. A new retail-friendly derivative instrument launched in June was responsible for 83 listings and $1.5bn of turnover by the end of the year. Besides, as the caveat for $1bn-plus issuers suggests, China cannot afford to dispense with hong kong just yet. That could only happen when China has a fully convertible currency. Until then, hong kong can bank on hosting issuers needing to tap international investors
Then Rousseff can fly home and revise plans for what should be the most high-profile event of her reign: Brazil’s world cup of 2014. Brazil can learn from South Africa’s mistakes. So can the countries bidding to host the World Cups of 2018 and 2022. (The winners will be chosen on December 2, unless scandals delay the vote.) Hosts need to understand what a world cup is: a party. It leaves nothing behind except a hangover, good memories and a large bill.
How to Change the World: Tales of Marx and Marxism, by Eric Hobsbawm, Little, Brown, RRP£25, 480 pages
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic Speaker of the House, held the vote in an effort to  rebut Republican criticism of the investigation. The move allows the Democrats to build a body of public evidence that will be critical if the House eventually votes, as expected, on formal articles of impeachment against Mr Trump.
Such sentiments might horrify some corporate executives. Ever since wall street suffered a series of derivatives scandals in the 1990s, the "D" word has been viewed with deep distrust in many business quarters. And Prof Merton's evangelical zeal for the product might seem particularly controversial after the media blamed derivatives in part for the implosion at LTCM.
Controversially, for a country historically allied with the US — which helped the government win the battle — it wants to do so with Chinese help.
Most strikingly, the poll – carried out in China, India, Japan, South Korea, Australia and the US in June and July – revealed a sense of confidence among Chinese and Indians in their countries’ destinies.
Though George W. Bush is as rightwing as Mr Reagan or brMr Gingrich, he has managed to terminate the conservative era. brMr Bush did this first of all by joining with congressional Republicans in treating the federal budget as a Christmas stocking for supporters. Rapidly accumulating deficits and rising spending undermined the association of conservatism with limited government. On social issues, mr bush tilted far enough to the right to scare away secular and libertarian Republicans. Mr Bush's feckless foreign policy discredited optional military intervention, much as Lyndon Johnson did in Vietnam.
Since he arrived in 2004, mr dimon has often been disappointed with the investment bank's performance. And JPMorgan's chief executive has been characteristically unbuttoned in sharing that disappointment in public.
So, whereas in the 1980s the Americans feared that the Japanese semiconductor makers were plotting some sinister takeover of the memory-chip business, they didn't even blink when Mubadala, the investment arm of the abu dhabi government, took an 8.1 per cent passive stake in Advanced Micro Devices in December.
Forty-six per cent of 750 people surveyed worldwide thought China would be an economic superpower within five years  69 per cent said they were "positive" about chinese equities compared to 42 per cent in 2007. But just 36 per cent said they were invested in Chinese shares.
Robert Rubin, who was elected chairman last Sunday after the resignation of Chuck Prince, said in an interview with the financial times that the board had strongly supported Mr Prince's strategy, but added: “There should be no strategic constraints on the CEO.”
Nash, 86, and his wife, Alicia, 82, were thrown from the taxi and pronounced dead at the scene, New Jersey State Police added, declining to comment on media reports that they were not wearing seat belts.
More stringent rules to prevent &ldquo runs'' on money market funds have been proposed by us securities regulators after the financial crisis raised concerns about a sector traditionally considered among the safest.
First, would an African name cause your daughter to suffer discrimination in the workplace? Second, will she like the name on its own merits?
“I took on the tough battles, the hardest fights, the most difficult choices — because that’s what you elected me to do,” mr trump said on Tuesday, calling himself “the only true outsider ever to win the presidency”.
Anna Pawlak-Kuliga, Ikea’s top executive in the country, told the financial times the plans would help “accelerate expansion offline and online”.
As I was leaving Stansted airport on a transatlantic trip recently, a security official asked me to remove a Garrard necklace I was wearing. Created by Jade Jagger, the jewellery in question was a 2cm -sterling silver gun. "Even though it's not real, it's what it symbolises," said the guard.
The $300bn fund’s choice of Mr Mack as an advisor will further cement its ties with the wall street bank, in which it holds a stake of nearly 10 per cent.
The study was conducted by the Economic Intelligence Unit and financed by Steve Killelea, an Australian entrepreneur and philanthropist.
To fend off the downturn, large companies, known for their stronger bargaining power, began asking small partners to accept harsher terms.
“I understand many of today’s complaints, but we are at serious risk of losing sight of American aims and how best to achieve them,” mr zoellick said.
He pressed Beijing to move towards fully free elections in Hong Kong, but was careful to avoid publicly criticising his hosts. He listed human rights alongside sport among issues he raised with the communist leaders.
Last week, china central television doubled down on its attacks on real estate companies for owing billions in unpaid land taxes, training its guns on no less a target than the country’s biggest listed developer, Vanke. The report marked the second time in little more than a month that the broadcaster had made these accusations. Developers have denied them both times.
It poured fuel on an already fiery debate about taxes, entrepreneurship, nationalism, the young Socialist government’s economic policies and France’s image abroad. But it has also exposed the country’s deep-rooted unease with money, epitomised in the loosely translated maxim of Honoré de Balzac, the 19th century novelist, that “behind every great fortune, there is a crime”.
Not long after, a senior Nasdaq official dropped by at Peterffy's office to meet what he assumed must be a large team of traders. The official was alarmed to be shown that the entire operation comprised a Nasdaq terminal sitting alongside a single, silent computer.
The People’s Bank of China pumped Rmb29bn ($4.8bn) into the financial system via open-market operations on Tuesday morning. Although the injection was tiny relative to the country’s Rmb100tn banking market, it was an important gesture to coax wary lenders back into doing business with each other.
At the same time, Beijing has invoked national security to limit or bar foreign investments in Chinese companies.
The gruesome attack on Nairobi’s Westgate shopping mall, which has claimed the lives of at least 59 people, has struck at the cosmopolitan heart of Kenya’s urban renaissance. The mall is a melting pot of elite Kenyans and expatriates – western and Asian – whose convergence is driving a boom in consumption and commerce, as well as an upsurge in innovation.
Softbank’s investment in Kuaidi Dache together with Alibaba and Tiger Global Management was the latest in its spending spree, which includes a $250m stake in GrabTaxi, a southeast asian Uber-style taxi hailing app, announced last month. The company also led a $210m investment in Ola Cabs, an Indian taxi app.
“This generation of consumers in China is more prosperous, more educated and more willing to spend a higher share of their income than previous generations were at the same age.
Japan’s move is part of a global trend to tighten the rules on foreign investors. Last year’s foreign investment Risk Review Modernisation Act in the US grants sweeping powers to review and block foreign acquisitions, of real estate and corporations. The UK is considering whether to press ahead with proposals put forward last year that would expand its powers to block takeovers of sensitive assets. Lurking behind all of these moves is concern about rival powers, notably China, acquiring sensitive technology.
Perhaps. The ArcView Group, a network of investors in cannabis businesses, sees a $10bn market in the US within five years. But this assumes 14 more states legalise marijuana beyond medical use. Change is in the air – almost two-thirds of Americans support legalisation, polls say. It is harder to tell when a particular state’s voters will inhale. When they do, however, taxation will follow and could well become an important tool to make pot safer – for example, by targeting chemical strength rather than volume. Pass the bong bonds, please.
The emergency funding facility agreed between european union and the international monetary fund was worth as much as €720bn ($930bn, £625bn) in loan guarantees and credits to stabilise the eurozone.
They note China's per capita GDP of about $3,600 (€2,800, £2,300) is less than a 10th that of Japan or the US and less than one sixth that of France and the UK.
Analysts note that the recent fall-off may be less severe than it appears, particularly when statistics are compared with 2007, a record year for new york city housing. But the second-quarter figures sent a shudder through the market, since the spring has traditionally accounted for a good chunk of all annual sales and, as a result, an outsized portion of price appreciation.
“If this satellite is successfully launched, our country's space technology will have taken another important stride towards making our nation an economic powerhouse,” North Korea's space technology committee told state media.
mr mccain said the Democratic candidate's was risking “class warfare” by proposing to redistribute wealth. He said it was a time to cut taxes for businesses, not to “spread the wealth around”.
Using a technique long employed by the medical profession in cancer and genetics research, Dirk Nitzsche and Keith Cuthbertson of Cass calculated the false discovery rate (FDR) for the UK mutual fund industry.
Improving access to China’s bond market, such as the launch of the Bond Connect programme in hong kong in 2017, has also lured foreign investors.
mr gates said he felt “deep anxiety” about America’s ability to remain competitive if it did not act quickly to improve education, invest in basic science research, and reform its immigration policies.
He also notes that the unquoted, illiquid assets held by many hedge funds can give a misleading impression of their volatility.
There is no doubt that the present financial crisis has been created in part by previous rescue operations of central banks. These have lowered perceptions of risk in the market.
The contrast between the Fédération Internationale de Football Association’s cronyism, managerial entrenchment and corruption, and its achievement in spreading the British version of football around the world (leaving the US game in the dust), is striking. It demonstrates that Fifa has enormous strengths as well as egregious weaknesses.
A Russian maritime spy plane flew into Estonian territory on Tuesday in the most serious violation of Nato airspace by Moscow since the end of the cold war.
Yet the industry is seemingly heading the other way. In the US, deals have furthered concentration, creating three full-service brokerages &ndash  Bank of America, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and Wells Fargo. The markets could force further change &ndash  even if the result is personal care for the truly wealthy and cut-price automation for the rest. Retail trading volumes dropped 60 per cent after the dotcom bust, points out Bernstein Research. If equity markets go sideways for the foreseeable future, coaxing clients from their low-margin boltholes will be harder still. That is enough to give any broker nausea.
But whether he fulfils the predictions of the opinion polls which give him an average seven-percentage point lead, or Mr McCain, the Republican Arizona senator, manages a last-minute upset, either man will face the bleakest economic outlook for the country in a generation.
Apple shares suffered another sharp sell-off on Monday after two of its suppliers cut their earnings forecasts, in moves that investors interpreted as another sign of softening iPhone demand.
But instead of simply meeting in sombre, academic isolation, the event was so wildly popular that tickets for it sold out – and the discussion had to be broadcast into a neighbouring auditorium. The excitement did not stop there. In recent days, Piketty’s new book, Capital in the Twenty-First Century, has soared up the bestseller lists and sparked endless blogs, debates and comment.
“Before, people who could not afford to eat meat were at least having bread and yoghurt,” said a shopkeeper in one lower middle-class neighbourhood. “But now even yoghurt is becoming unaffordable for some families.”
High growth in emerging markets continues, as exemplified by the tremendous growth in China and India. Western and eastern europe are growing. The Russian economy, driven by energy, has been strengthened well beyond what was expected a few years ago. The Middle Eastern oil-exporting countries are going through a boom fuelled by oil and gas: it is different from earlier periods of high oil prices because this time a substantial amount of the money is staying in the region, rather than being invested elsewhere as in the 1970s.
International pressure on the US to set a long-term reduction target for greenhouse gas emissions at this week’s G8 summit escalated yesterday after Tony Blair, the British prime minister, backed Germany’s calls for such a goal.
The area is on the up. Last month, a seven-storey structure fashioned of stacked aluminium mesh boxes made its debut at 235 Bowery as the New Museum of Contemporary Art. This is a major opening for the city, both as architectural landmark and showcase for a downtown art scene, not yet completely consumed by money.
“But the fact that no one is standing against him is a depressing sign. If countries thought that the organisation really mattered, someone else would stand.”
Judges at the Punjab and Haryana high court on Saturday criticised both the indian prime minister and the chief minister of the state of Haryana for allowing the outbreak of violence among followers of a popular guru who had been convicted of rape.
The pioneering space walk will be the central moment of China's third manned flight into orbit and an important step forward in a national space programme seen as both a strategic imperative and a patriotic rallying point. “On this Shenzhou-7 mission, we have the confidence, determination and ability to have a Chinese person step out into space for the first time,” astronaut Jing Haipeng said in a televised press conference yesterday at a secluded desert space base in China's northern Gansu province.
Mr Fukuda's resignation, less than two months since he hosted the Group of Eight summit in Toyako, calls into question the ability of the LDP, which has governed since 1955, to cling to power. The opposition DPJ has been growing in confidence and popular support, though it has failed to clinch victory.
This leaves one with government capital or private capital. In practice, both possibilities are at least partially blocked in the US: the former by political anger  the latter by a wide range of uncertainties – over the valuation of bad assets, future treatment of shareholders and the likely path of the economy. This makes the “zombie bank” alternative, condemned by Mr Baker in the FT on March 2, a likely outcome. Alas, such undercapitalised banking zombies also find it hard to recognise losses or expand their lending.
&ldquo No, no, no, no. A seat guide book.&rdquo
In the US, wage stagnation has been a problem for a generation. The UK experience of it is more recent. In the years before the financial crisis, real wages did not rise and family incomes were only propped up by tax credits. If the recovery sees a return to this pattern, it will be a joyless one for much of Britain.
Chinalco, a state-owned mining company, in a joint exercise with Alcoa, the US aluminium group, spent $14bn in a move designed to block a planned $119bn takeover bid from rival miner BHP Billiton.
south korea has chosen an advocate of engagement with Pyongyang as its president, in a vote that draws a line under almost a decade of conservative rule but which could also increase tensions with the US.
That, combined with other problems from falling cryptocurrency values to global trade wars, has prompted questions over whether the once high-flying semiconductor industry is facing a long-term, structural slump.
But while Baoshang’s shuttering will mark China’s first since the failure of Shantou commercial bank in 2001, there is little expectation that regulators will allow bankruptcy to become the norm for troubled lenders.
We seem to be more health conscious – the bottled water segment of the soft drinks market has boomed over the last decade. However it will be interesting to see how much the growing concern about the environmental impact of bottled water affects the category.
The result has been a sharp slowdown in demand for Swiss watches, foreign wines and other high-end products in China, previously one of the fastest growing markets for luxury consumer goods in the world.
Chinese president-in-waiting xi jinping has criticised communist party officials for banqueting and networking, and urged them to focus on studying Marxism instead.
Germany’s proficient handling of coronavirus has made it the envy of much of Europe. Its consensual political culture, decentralised government, well-funded public services and mighty industrial base have all gained new lustre during the pandemic. Angela Merkel’s dispassion — decried as ponderousness, even complacency — has served the country well during a medical emergency. In April, a social media clip of the German chancellor’s pedagogical explanation of the meaning of the viral reproduction number became an instant hit. So John Kampfner’s book Why the Germans Do it Better is both well-timed and well-aimed.
Piracy by Islamist extremists in a crucial south Philippine trade route has triggered alarm in Manila and opened a potential new dimension in the proxy superpower struggle in the region’s seas.
"This is a cry for help," said a Beijing-based PR executive. "They need to understand what people think of them and how they can effectively get their story into the media."
Beijing launched the investigations on the heels of the EU anti-dumping probe into Chinese-made solar panels, leading to speculation they were a form of retaliation.
If Chinese gdp growth was 8 per cent next year, rather than the 10 per cent forecast by Goldman economists, the majority of metals would fall by 30-38 per cent, analyst Peter Mallin-Jones said. This would have a severe impact on companies reliant on nickel and zinc, such as Xstrata, as these metals already trade close to the marginal cost of production, he said.
The reign of Egypt’s first Islamist president came to an end late on Wednesday after he was pushed aside by the military.
But advocates of competing biofuel and electric vehicles should not gloat as they are not prevailing on technological or environmental merit. They benefit from an existing power grid and retail fuel network that would cost hydrogen advocates tens of billions to replicate. Though fuel cell vehicles are quite pricey today, that would change with volume and hydrogen has practical advantages too.
So bankers have had to come up with an new strategy for winning business from a legion of new midsize buyers One senior Hong Kong-based banker referred to his method as “carpet bombing”, which in practice has meant increasing the number of bankers on the ground to pitch deals to as many corporations as possible.
The comments, made in an interview with the financial times by Carlo D’Asaro Biondo, head of strategic partnerships in Europe, came as Google and eight* European newspaper groups announced an alliance aimed at bolstering the digital skills and business model of publishers.
“I envisage the total investment on industrial programmes and social and physical infrastructure projects in India by 2017 coming to about $1,500bn [&#8364 943bn, &pound 760bn], with the bulk of this coming from the private sector,” said Mr Kumar.
The scheme is the brainchild of Arts & Business, which helps businesses sponsor the arts and is turning its attention to individual donors rather than corporate interests.
The death of the 16-year-old Chinese boy during a raid by the authorities at a mine last week prompted Beijing to demand on Monday that Ghana undertake a full investigation and “uphold the safety and legal rights of chinese citizens and businesses.”
Beyond ensuring day-to-day operations can continue, Prof Murray says companies need to consider the nature of the impact on their employees, especially if the business operates globally. This means taking note of country-specific guidance and how it is being applied — school closures, for example.
The prospect of including mainland chinese equities in global benchmarks would be a major milestone in the opening up of China’s financial markets. More than 200 stocks listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen – known as A shares – would be added to the MSCI China index, which is made up only of mainland companies listed in hong kong and New York.
bond yields around the world soared from some of the lowest levels in decades last month as investors anticipated an end to the extraordinary measures the federal reserve has used to stimulate the US economy.
Such a heated reaction has taken Chinese observers aback. food safety has long been an issue of consumer concern in China's richer cities, but few expected the death of a reported 16 US pets to escalate into the newest source of friction in ever-prickly Sino-US ties.
Scepticism may have been intensified by the recent global financial market turmoil that has seen the euro soaring to record highs. The poll was conducted between September 6 and September 17.
That particularly grubby coalition always said more about the character of Messrs Schr?der and Chirac and the nationalist ambitions of mr putin than about any sustained strategic shift. A more contemporary version of the geopolitical nightmare is that of a new authoritarian alliance led by an energy-rich and belligerent Russia and a newly assertive China. Hence the call among some of Mr McCain's advisers for a countervailing partnership of democracies.
The bomb atrocities in Brussels are a reminder, if any were needed after last November’s jihadi assault on Paris, of how easy it is for terrorist cells to attack neuralgic targets in European cities and bring them to a standstill.
Though his popularity at home recovered, his brand was strongest abroad. Like Marilyn Monroe or Charlie Chaplin, Beckham did best without a soundtrack. His appeal was strictly visual. Non-English-speakers liked him best. Some admirers knew him chiefly through his advertisements. Chinese women created Beckham shrines on their desks. There was a Buddhist shrine to him in Thailand, and a chocolate "Bekkamu" statue in Tokyo.
The impeachment of Brazil’s President Dilma Rousseff was thrown into confusion yesterday after the acting head of the lower house of Congress said he was annulling a critical vote in the process.
The move by Bryan Marsal, who heads the firm managing Lehman's US liquidation, underlines tension between the company's creditors and Barclays, which acquired the north american operations of the investment bank for $1.5bn after it filed for bankruptcy in September.
But those funding demands and Japan's enlarged military ambitions are also coming as Tokyo continues to hold to a rule capping military spending at 1 per cent of gross domestic product and is in fact cutting its defence budget.
Margrethe Vestager — who vets all big EU mergers and oversees sensitive investigations ranging from us tech group Google’s alleged abuse of its dominant position to sweetheart tax deals for multinationals — wields far-reaching powers to impose hefty fines or block takeovers without court approval.
“There's no global player as yet [for Chinese-language media],” Mr Tiong said. Media Chinese International's rivals include the pro-Beijing International Daily News, Hong Kong-based Global China Group and the Taiwanese-American World Journal. Marcel Fenez, a managing partner at PwC, the professional services firm, said there was a clear trend of content created in Asia being sold to other parts of the world. “[The overseas chinese population] is an under-served market,” Mr Fenez said/b/i
Mongolia, a resource-rich country of 3m people, with a per capita gross domestic product of just over $3,000, has introduced policies to share its growing mineral wealth with its citizens.
The second quarter of this year saw a 12 per cent rise in investigations against the same period in 2008, according to research by Chad Bown, an economics professor at Brandeis University and fellow at the Brookings Institution. Such investigations are opened at the request of domestic industries calling for new import restrictions to protect their businesses.
The US has insisted late on Monday on the right to interdict intercept suspect icious North Korean cargo under the authority of the Saturday’s UN security council resolution, passed on Saturday, setting the stage for a difficult trip to Asia for Condoleezza Rice this week, reports Guy Dinmore and Demetri Sevastopulo in Washington.
The prime minister set out his new Covid-19 “winter plan” to MPs on Monday, outlining new regional curbs intended “to carry us safely to spring”, replacing the national lockdown that ends on December 2.
Banks should also write off credit card debt of those killed in the quake, the china banking regulatory commission said in a statement.
The General Administration of Customs said on Wednesday it had arrested the people over illegal exports of scrap steel to  South-east Asia avoiding a 40 per cent tariff on the material.
Several months ago, the silicon valley tech giant announced that it would let academics request access to data on its two billion users, under the guidance of the SSRC and a new, independent academic group called Social Science One. This represents the first properly controlled, peer-reviewed research framework using Facebook data. (Although some academics have used social media data before, it was done in an ad hoc manner.)
Underlying the whole debate is a misplaced sense of moral outrage — a feeling that sport is intrinsically a clean contest between unenhanced athletes, being corrupted by evil drug pushers. The reality is that ever since people began competing for athletic honour and glory they have been willing to improve their speed, strength and accuracy in any way they can. Recently, the growing concentration of money and media attention on elite sports, together with the increasing opportunities to boost performance offered by science, has added to the pressure but not brought fundamental change.
But the teenage amateur’s background is far from the typical rags-to-riches, product of a state sporting system story usually preferred by the Communist party. And that has not escaped the notice of many Chinese social media users.
foreign investment into China is tightly controlled and the involvement of a foreign partner in a private equity venture would attract the scrutiny of Beijing's regulators, including the body regulating foreign exchange. One person familiar with the situation said: “The deal was never formally submitted to the regulator but was communicated orally. CSRC never agreed to it.”
Against this backdrop, it is probably more rational for the chinese authorities to separate short-term imperatives from longer-term reforms. Restoring China’s growth to its potential rates is the short-term goal  structural adjustments and reforms are longer-term aims. These do not necessarily contradict each other, though. For example, allowing local governments to issue their own bonds not only solves the issue of public finance for infrastructural building, but also helps deleveraging — one of the central tasks of structural adjustment.
Coming from one of the biggest defenders of the intelligence services in Congress, Ms Feinstein’s comments represent a stark rebuke of the national security Agency, which has been accused of overreaching by conducting extensive electronic surveillance on foreign leaders.
The arrests come at a time when Beijing is eager to demonstrate that cracking down on economic crimes is a priority. They also highlight the intensity of the investigation surrounding Mr Huang, the founder of the Gome electronics group, who has not been seen since late November when reports of his arrest on suspicion of economic crimes began to circulate.
Lu Guanqiu, founder and chairman of Wanxiang, said the talks with Ford were part of a plan to expand the company's global presence.
Gold charged to a fresh all-time high while crude oil prices jumped by more than $2 a barrel, but it was action in the copper market that captured commodity investors' attention yesterday.
The carved head of a Luohan — someone who has achieved the enlightened state of Nirvana — gave up its 700-year-old secret after it was examined by Ray Tregaskis of Mossgreen, the Australian auction house.
It comes after Google late last week reported the first block to its core search and advertising services since the resolution of its dispute with China, though it later said it had misjudged the extent of the problem and it had suffered only a “relatively small blockage”.
The group's only other deal in Asia also came last year, with its $840m acquisition of a 20 per cent stake in Galaxy Entertainment, the Macau-based casino operator. But that deal was overseen by one of its London-based partners.
coal prices in Asia jumped to an all-time high yesterday as the region suffered acute shortages as the result of coal supply disruptions in Australia, south africa and China.
For example, officials have never explicitly condoned the variable interest entity share ownership structure that almost all Chinese listings in the US — including Alibaba — have adopted. The structure, which allows an investor to hold a controlling interest without owning a majority of voting rights, could for example suddenly incur regulatory displeasure.
But in little over a year Nasdaq’s cross-town rivals at the new york stock exchange have landed the two highest-profile listings: the $3.9bn raised by messaging app Snapchat’s parent in March 2017 and the listing of music streaming service Spotify this month.
The world at the beginning of 2018 presents a contrast between its depressing politics and its improving economics. Might this divergence continue indefinitely? Or is one likely to overwhelm the other? And, if so, will bad politics spoil the economy, or a good economy heal bad politics?
Domestic transactions are growing on the back of funds recently raised on equity markets and are also being helped by government-led programmes to restructure fragmented industries such as steel and cement.
The Pentagon is increasingly having to rely on non-US companies for software and microelectronics, which raises the potential for foreign governments to tamper with critical technology. The Defense Science Board, a Pentagon advisory group, is conducting a study to determine the national security implications of the use of foreign software in us military technology.
For chinese companies they serve a different purpose: VIEs allow them to access foreign capital which would not be available to them due to state rules on foreign ownership of certain industries and assets.
During a visit to Beijing where he met his Chinese counterpart and premier li Keqiang, Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu said the two sides “expressed our concern with the US attempts to reinforce its military political influence in the Asia-Pacific region,” Chinese and Russian state media reported.
But with Matteo Renzi, Italy’s 39-year-old prime minister, calling for a “scrapping” of Italy’s old elites to keep any international relevance, the country’s fashion industry is starting to show some – limited – signs of renewal.
When Marriott International swooped in last November to trump a smaller rival’s offer for Starwood Hotels and Resorts, the last-minute upset was set to create the world’s largest hotel company by rooms.
And how much influence will Dubai have on Nasdaq here in New York? /b
In a rare interview, Zhou Chao, a managing director of the multi-billion-dollar China-Africa Development Fund (CADFund), told the financial times that &ldquo we encourage&rdquo  public-private partnerships as a means of fixing Africa's infrastructure bottlenecks.
In the meantime, however, chinese leaders are happy to have high growth and the level of job creation that comes with it – a political prerequisite for the communist party’s stranglehold on power.
Ms Lai adds: “You need to hire people [in Hong Kong]. You need to create some kind of presence in Hong Kong.” Otherwise, she says, “you might be falling into the [China] residence trap”.
Who should come first in a business: customers, shareholders or staff? This question is the corporate version of the parlour game I outlined last week concerning power, money and reputation &ndash  who wins the triangular struggle for priority?
A steely official with a love for classical music and good English skills thanks to his education at the missionary-founded St John’s University in Shanghai, he ran Beijing’s hong kong and Macau Affairs office from 1990 until just after China assumed control over the financial centre in 1997.
The move raises the pressure on Greece to stick to its international bailout by highlighting the risk that eurozone central bankers could pull the plug on its financial system.
It marks the first attempt by the EU to use its weight as Russia's largest energy customer, and its influence as a club of prosperous democracies which Ukraine has strong aspirations to join, to end the sudden crisis over interrupted gas supplies.
Morgan Stanley will invest the remainder in low-emission energy projects, which earn credits that can in turn be sold in the various emission schemes.
Of itself, the bombing is not a game-changer  the Assads still command far superior firepower. But its emblematic power is irresistible. On top of the stream of defections and desertions from the Syrian army, the regime now has to contend with informers who have infiltrated its inner sanctum. Until the July 18 attack, the Assads had managed to instil terror of retribution inside the castle walls. Now it is they and their entourage who are running scared.
“Whether this situation will intensify in the future depends on whether monetary policy is appropriately changed this year,” he said. He added that if not, such problems would “certainly continue” and lead to “greater economic and financial risks in the medium- and long-term”.
I first heard the notion of Germany as a Bric from Ulrike Guerot of the European Council on Foreign Relations, who is vehemently opposed to the separatist anti-European tendencies in Germany. Probably the clearest expression of this idea came recently from Wolfgang Reitzle. The CEO of Linde, a German industrial group, said that Germany should consider leaving the eurozone. This might bring some short term pain, he acknowledged, but it would increase Germany’s competitiveness in the long term.
Since the first arrests, Sun Hung Kai’s shares have fallen 17 per cent compared with the largely flat performance of its rivals. Estimates of net asset value a share range from HK$136 to HK$151, so the shares, at HK$92.60, trade at a hefty discount that has widened sharply since the arrests. To put that in perspective, the company’s long-term average discount to NAV is only 5 per cent, according to Barclays. Investors clearly do think, then, that management needs to be hands-on.
Organisations also welcome those who thrive under change. Change is much faster in the investment industry because, with the streamlined technology that supports knowledge accretion, innovation flourishes in a fraction of the time it used to.
For Mr Garratt, the advantages of a designated smoking area for workers are that it keeps the company in control of the situation and sends a signal to the staff that the management is actually listening to them.
For a start, many of their clients buy and sell mutual funds in the way that an aggressive investor would trade individual shares. As a result, some funds saw massive redemptions last year that dented the confidence of many executives in the sector.
Fully restored in the early 1990s it was due to be auctioned at Christie's recent Paris sale but was withdrawn at the last minute to allow further research into its history to be carried out. If it proves as authentic as it seems it will be offered in a forthcoming sale where it has been tipped to fetch in excess of &pound 6m – tax-free, of course.
“Bail-in” regimes, where creditors are forced to take losses when banks are rescued, would help make giant institutions safer, but they could also spread contagion in a financial crisis, a paper by international monetary fund staff members has warned.
“In our increasingly interconnected world, no country or region can go it alone,” ms lagarde said in a speech. “There are dark clouds gathering in the global economy.”
The silicon valley chipmaker has been talking to bankers about the future of its cyber security unit in a deal that would be one of the largest in the sector, according to people close to the discussions.
Having lived in China for twelve years, I am used to returning home to little fanfare.  This year was different.  As Britain burns its bridges with Europe it is having to bolster them with Beijing. Uncertain times call for stronger support for the bilateral relationship that will make or break Britain in the China century.  As the Chair of the British Chamber in China, public reaction to my UK visit, changed from indifferent to enamoured overnight.
The stimulus measures announced late Monday, which include business tax cuts and increased spending on infrastructure, came after the People’s Bank of China injected $74bn into the financial system on Monday morning.
“The key is making sure we jump-start the economy in a way that doesn't just deal with the short term, doesn't just create jobs immediately, but also puts us on a glide path for long-term sustainable economic growth.” /i
One of the US’s most senior intelligence officials did not mince his words after the UK decided to let Huawei build some parts of its 5G mobile network.
“Far from being an engine of economic growth, the typical infrastructure investment fails to deliver a positive risk-adjusted return,” the paper found.
“I am pleased to have exceptionally intimate relations with the Federal Reserve,” he said, singling out “Ben, Don and Tim” for his warmest regards. It sounded like some kind of racy continental emiménage à quatre/i/em, but he turned out to be talking about financial policy meetings in Basel with Ben Bernanke, Donald Kohn brand mr geithner of the Fed.
The spanner in the works has been the legal regime. Until recently the law governing franchising in China was onerous and restrictive, preventing all but the most dogged and resource-rich franchisers from entering the market.
The really remarkable thing about the fraud at Alibaba, which caused its shares to plunge last week, is the company’s response to it. No one should be remotely surprised that China’s leading online bazaar for small businesses attracted a few scumbags at the fringes. It is not surprising, either, that a small minority of the company’s staff assisted their activities, intentionally or otherwise, in order to hit their own sales targets. Rather, the big sell-off of the HK$77bn (US$10bn) company was caused by its decision to eject its chief executive and chief operating officer.
But there is another area where the activities of American cyber spooks have created unexpected fallout: in financial exchanges and market data groups. Investors should watch this saga since it may have financial stability implications.
The chances are that he will. Tough-talk and maximalist demands can work in a standalone business deal — when you are prepared to walk away, or have another potential business-partner. But it is more dangerous in international diplomacy, where you usually cannot choose who is sitting on the other side of the negotiating table. Nor can mr trump simply walk away from problems such as the North Korean and Iranian nuclear programmes.
Georgia’s governor has vetoed a contentious religious freedom bill viewed as anti-gay following pressure from US companies, including a host of Hollywood’s biggest names.
Almost two months after Hong’s Kong’s Disneyland theme park closed its gates, weeds are growing in the car park. At one of the resort’s hotels, the only parts of the complex that are still open, a pianist plays jazz covers of Disney classics to an almost empty lobby.
The wider motor industry is fighting to keep up with demands from consumers for greater connectivity inside the vehicle while heading off the threat posed by new entrants such as Tesla, Google and, potentially, Apple .
He said there was no reason why companies other than Boeing and Airbus could not enter the business.
Londoner Geoffrey Buchler, 54, has amassed around 80 political cartoons over 25 years. They are mainly works by contemporary newspaper illustrators, and range in value from &pound 300 to &pound 5,000.
global trade tensions ratcheted up yesterday as the US opened an investigation into chinese steel imports and clashed with the european union over chickens.
The French company had accused Mr Zong, China's third-richest man, of setting up parallel companies that competed directly with the joint ventures. Danone had battled Mr Zong in dozens of legal jurisdictions since April 2007.
Rongsheng Heavy Industries, owner of China’s largest shipyard by order book, has dismissed concerns about the safety of a new breed of large vessels that it is building for Vale, the Brazilian mining company, and says it is confident that so-called Valemax iron ore carriers will again be allowed to dock in the country.
The results from an interim analysis, now confirmed by peer review, also showed the jab provided full protection against moderate or severe cases of Covid-19.
When he was a student in linguistics and English at the University of California, Berkeley, David Peterson worked on a secret language for two months. It was called “Megdevi”. This was an amalgam of both his own name and Megan, his girlfriend at the time. Once satisfied with his new words and grammar rules, he presented it to her. It was his grand romantic gesture: a private language they could use to communicate only with each other.
The DIUS itself has the UK-China graduate work experience programme, which has for the past couple of years offered Chinese university students 12- to 52-week salaried internships in the UK. Managed by the graduate recruitment firm GTI, the programme has placed 250 chinese students at a range of businesses and organisations.
However, as Mr Rosenberg also notes, one striking difference between now and 2002 is that it is financial companies – not, say, manufacturers – that face a funding squeeze. And that highlights an even more crucial distinction: whereas in 2000 the list of companies that were overladen with debt included mainstream names, this time it is financial players, such as hedge funds or banks, that are excessively leveraged.
Samsung may be forced to make changes to the software running on its smartphones in order to keep selling them in the US, after an appeals court granted Apple an injunction following its 2012 patent victory over its rival.
HSBC has emerged as one the largest victims of Bernard Madoff's alleged fraud with potential exposure of around $1.5bn to the investment manager's collapsed venture, according to people close to the situation.
The strongbLondon Stock Exchange/strong, which has spent the past two years fending off four takeover bids, said it would report “outstanding” full-year results fuelled by an increase in equity trading volumes.
The good news is that base effects, if nothing else, will help to tame CPI in the coming months. A rising currency, too, works to take the edge off import prices: August’s 10 per cent annualised rate of gain against the dollar was the biggest since last September. But for now, the tensions are obvious. Writing last week in the policy periodical of the chinese communist party, premier wen jiabao reaffirmed that price stability is the “primary task”, while claiming that signs of slower growth are “at a reasonable level”. Maybe they are. But balancing between jobs and prices has rarely seemed so complex.
Paul Milgrom and Robert Wilson, professors at Stanford University, have won this year’s nobel prize in economics for their work on auction theory and the design of new auction formats.
The government is hoping for a gradual decline in growth to more sustainable levels which will take some of the steam out of property markets, but without damaging employment too much. The performance of the economy in the first half of the year, when it expanded by 10.4 per cent, appeared to indicate this was happening. “The slowdown has only been gradual and will likely remain so for the rest of the year,” says Qu Hongbin, economist at HSBC in Hong Kong.
The trouble with such sentiments is that they solve nothing. Criticise in metaphors – “unbridled capitalism”  “unfettered greed” – and you duck the tiresome task of specifying what bridles and fetters you have in mind.
In other words, there is not enough “supply” of shares relative to high “demand” from savers (especially given today's negative real interest rates). Both supply of and demand for shares are likely to rise rapidly in coming years, inevitably resulting in high volatility.
Participants were told that the people were recruits at a consulting firm. They were asked to rate how much they admired them, held them in esteem and believed they would rise in status. “Do you think this person is a good leader?” was one of the questions.
asian governments should supplement those actions by allowing artificially low currencies to appreciate. Adjustments are both necessary to tackle global imbalances and desirable for their economies. They would moderate inflationary pressures, direct investment in favour of domestic, rather than export, markets and curb the fruitless accumulation of excessive foreign exchange reserves.
“China’s state-owned power companies are pursuing an aggressive overseas expansion strategy, investing in the construction and operation of energy networks in some countries and as equity investors in others,” says Xu Yi-chong, a politics professor at Griffith University, Australia and author of Sinews of Power, a book about State Grid. “[But] China’s push for interconnectivity does not have to mean that chinese companies own or operate the grid.”
“Considerable risk is created if papers' business and publishing departments are completely separated,” he said. China would be likely to introduce an upper limit to foreign ownership of listed papers, but no decision on such a limit had been made, he added.
The chances of a historic agreement on climate change &ndash  the first that would be agreed among all countries &ndash  remained &ldquo in the balance&rdquo , said Ed Miliband, the UK's climate secretary.
News last week that the administration of donald trump is engaged in “serious discussions” over Chinese intellectual property rights abuses and policies is to be broadly welcomed. The discussions centre on whether to start an investigation under Section 301, a punitive bilateral weapon in the us trade arsenal. The probe would focus on Chinese rules that require foreign companies to transfer technology to local partners.
The analysis of fundamental macroeconomic theory suggests substantial ignorance of how our economies work. This is not that surprising. We may never understand how such complex systems — animated, as they are, by human desires and misunderstandings — actually function. This does not mean that attempting to improve understanding is a foolish exercise. On the contrary, it is important. But it is arguably more vital in practice to focus on two other tasks. The first is how to make the body economic more resistant to the consequences of manias and panics. The second is how to restore it to health as quickly as possible. On both counts, we need to think more and do more. These are the practical challenges before us.
Two years later, Baoshang, which has Rmb576bn ($83bn) in assets, has been  taken over by the government because of its “serious credit risk”, the first such move in 18 years and a reminder of the hidden perils lurking within China’s financial system.
The middle fifth have seen $5,784 in extra income, a 13 per cent rise to $50,434, while the poorest fifth saw a rise of $1,814 or 11 per cent to $18,116.
Bob Iger, Disney’s chairman, announced the attendance figure in front of the Sleeping Beauty castle at a ceremony on Friday, thanking the state-owned Shendi Group, which owns 57 per cent of the park, and the chinese government for their support.
But some parents quickly decided something was wrong with this latest group of “volunteers”.
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei has been refused a full UK business visa by the British government, which has claimed that Mr Ai has been convicted of a crime and that he lied on his visa application.
And a popular hit on a Chinese version of YouTube has been a young girl singing an ironic song which begins “I am standing on the summit of 48 yuan PetroChina” – a reference to the stock's high-point.
The US has dominated global IPOs by exchange nationality every year apart from 2006 since Dealogic began the rankings in 1995. In 2006, the UK topped the rankings but it does not make the top 10 this year.
PetroChina and Calgary-based Encana have abandoned plans for a joint venture to develop a large shale gas deposit in western Canada, marking the latest in a series of retreats by chinese companies from proposed natural resource deals overseas.
donald trump paid an effective tax rate of 25 per cent on income of $150m according to a leaked tax return from 2005 that sheds a glint of light on tax affairs that the president has kept shrouded in secrecy.
PizzaExpress is heading for a takeover by its lenders as early as this month in a debt-for-equity swap with Chinese owner Hony Capital that is also likely to involve closing some of its high street restaurants hard hit in the pandemic.
The near-empty M&S café has something of the same Stalinist feel to it: a few lonely muffins and egg mayo sandwiches on a sparsely stocked shelf make it feel like a Soviet-era cafeteria says Mr Hoogewerf.
li keqiang will fly to London for a three-day visit next week as the two countries seek to finalise the thaw in relations that has occurred in the past few months after a difficult period following Mr Cameron’s decision to meet the dalai lama in 2012.
The US benchmark S&P 500 index had jumped 2 per cent by lunchtime on Wednesday, placing it 20 per cent above the nadir of March 23 in a bounceback that has been almost as intense as the sell-off it followed.
Yet slower predicted growth in China’s property and infrastructure this year, as well as rising scrap prices, could dampen the steel boom. An FT poll found China’s expected steel output rise was just 0.6 per cent for 2018, down from 5.7 per cent the year before.
Now as the world economy, and developing countries in particular, are slowing down, the Western-backed MDBs are holding back finance at exactly the time they should be increasing it.
be one of the most momentous decision-making events in recent Chinese
Spain’s Ibex share index, which had rallied strongly over the summer, ended down 3.9 per cent and the FTSE Eurofirst 300 index dropped 1.7 per cent. The euro gave up its gains of the past two weeks, falling to $1.28 as markets fretted that eurozone politicians’ resolve to ease the region’s debt crisis may be waning.
It is an old truism when dealing with this sort of investment that you should buy the best you can afford and buy only what you like. To establish this you must first get your eye in and understand just exactly what it is that appeals to you in a watch.
In a world where computing technology is key to innovation and competitiveness, strong digital infrastructure is paramount to economic vitality and national security. Investing in 5G mobile telecommunications networks should be an urgent priority of the US and its allies — particularly as the main geostrategic rival, China, is already far ahead.
“We reserve all rights to appeal this matter further and are confident that Australian farmers are among the most productive in the world, who operate without government subsidy of prices,” Mr Birmingham said.
Japan’s second-largest steelmaker said two years ago it would carry out a feasibility study with Guangzhou Iron & Steel to consider plans to build an integrated steel mill in China – an investment that probably would have totalled about Y100bn ($850m).
When I appeared on a panel of journalists from international publications recently, the moderator asked us to nominate our big story for the next year.
“We know that the consumer will come back,” Mr Rorsted said in March when presenting the company’s 2019 results.
Qing Pan, executive board member of Sinotruk, told the financial times that the Chinese truck group was looking to close the gap on Germany’s Daimler, the world’s largest truckmaker, and its two bigger chinese rivals – Dongfeng and FAW after claiming it had overtaken India’s Tata as global number four this year.
Petrochina will buy the entire stake in SPC held by Singapore's Keppel Corporation, the world's largest maker of oil rigs, and will carry out a mandatory general offer for the remaining 54.5 per cent of the Singapore-listed company as soon as the deal is granted Chinese regulatory approval.
The 15-member UN security council voted unanimously to approve the new sanctions which could reduce North Korea’s export revenue by as much as a quarter if fully implemented, diplomats said.
Oil slumped to its lowest level since the financial crisis as traders reacted to a rancorous Opec meeting last week that exposed the organisation’s inability to tackle a global glut.
Clearly, when Beijing cracks the whip its big, state-controlled banks respond, although monetary forces have also been at work. As interest rate cuts have shrunk the availability of decent-yielding securities, banks may have concluded that short-term corporate lending was a better way to earn a turn. Then March threw up more convincing data. Term credit rose, while three- to six-month commercial paper fell to perhaps a 10th of bank lending, compared with over 30 cent in the months before.
Several hundred members of pro-Kremlin youth groups including Nashi, or “Our Own”, also marched towards the us embassy in Moscow to protest over us foreign policy towards Kosovo and Iraq. The youths carried slogans including “Russia Forward” and “We will stand beside our country”.
operating profit at samsung electronics IT and mobile business - overwhelmingly constituted by smartphone earnings - bounced back in the first quarter from its lows in late 2014, although it still suffered a steep year-on-year decline.
It is easier to make money than sense out of China’s banks. These big four state-owned commercial banks are huge profit centres, but many who see vulnerabilities in China’s economy think that these banks are the problem when they actually reflect symptoms of distortions elsewhere. China’s banks are in fact too secure – and their performance could be improved by strengthening competition and breaking up the “too big to manage” entities.
We then move to the next node on the decision tree. (Fancy MBA talk, no?) Does this lecturer degrade the signal your MBA is giving about what a brilliant bunch you are? As long as the external examiners are as lazy as the lecturer, your secret should be safe.
boris johnson has suggested that social media sites should be kept open to provide intelligence for police during periods of public disorder, despite calls by the government to block websites or ban known criminals following the riots that spread across the country earlier this month.
It is no surprise to learn that Chinese gamblers have money to burn. Even so, the 58 per cent increase in casino revenue in Macao last year to a record 188.34 billion patacas ($23.51 billion) is startling.
In November, Chinese fintech stock prices suffered double-digit declines on worries of new regulations and under-reported bad debts. Lending company valuations have languished since then. As a technology platform that eschews credit, market, liquidity, and regulatory risk, Jianpu’s shares rebounded.
China’s property prices are up 9.9 per cent from a year ago, the fastest pace of gains in 2013.
Sitting in his dimly lit conference room in Tripoli after signing the contracts last month, Mr Ghanem says: "Paolo has brought back the days of Enrico Mattei to Eni. Once again Eni is a major company."
A slowdown in chinese demand has forced Rio Tinto to revise its expansion plans, the miner's chief executive warned yesterday in a move that triggered a sharp global sell-off in sector stocks.
According to the ONS 565,000 people arrived to live in Britain during 2005. About 49,000 came from Poland, three times as many as in 2004. The biggest tranche, however, continues to come from ‘New Commonwealth’ countries such India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.
（a href="http://share.jxlib.gov.cn:8088/datalib/2003/Science/DL/DL-181751/" target= blankhttp://share.jxlib.gov.cn:8088/datalib/2003/Science/DL/DL-181751//a）/b
“Almost every day, I listen to chief executives explaining how well their companies are doing,” he says.
Nokia shares closed up 5 per cent at €5.59 in Helsinki on the news.
While there will be sales to early adopters and to people who will be prepared to pay for content of special importance to them – sensitive financial information, for example – the logical conclusion is that free content will be supported by advertising.
Republicans now are counting on a rerun of 1992-94, after bill clinton led the Democrats to a victory comparable to Mr Obama's. The Democrats overreached, aiming to govern as though the US had become a solidly Democratic country. Voters rebelled, the party lost its control of Congress at the next mid-term elections, and Mr Clinton was then obliged to govern almost as though he were a conservative. Much was subsequently achieved – but the greatest prize, healthcare reform, fell victim to the hubris of those first two years.
1968 Enrols at the private Lakeside School. His programming abilities earn him the task of preparing class schedules  Gates later admits in co-authored book The Road Ahead to modifying the code to put himself in classes with the most female students.
Dubois is a lifelong boat enthusiast, having learnt to sail dinghies on a series of Able Boy summer camps on the South Wales coast. "Five tents, six boys to a tent, and we learnt to sail for &pound 10 a week each, all found," he says. "It really inspired me."
The renminbi has clocked up another important milestone on its march towards internationalisation - breaking into the top five most used payment currencies in the world.
Pat-Nie Woo, chairman, said the group was formed to help manufacturers work with retailers, government and agencies to promote sustainable practices.
Indian officials have accused the People’s liberation army of repeated incursions across the so-called Line of Actual Control in both the western and eastern Himalayas.
“Google & others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can & cannot see. This is a very serious situation — will be addressed!” he wrote on Twitter.
Interpretations of premier li Keqiang’s statement that future defaults may be unavoidable also depended on one’s sentiments, with some seeing it as a sign of imminent problems and others dismissing it as an acknowledgment that defaults are part of every economy.
Wanda has pledged to cut debt and shift to an “asset-light” business model, developing real estate assets without any balance sheet exposure. Progress towards this goal has so far been slow. In December S&P rated Wanda’s commercial properties unit at just above junk. Yet a regulatory filing revealed on Tuesday that it has pledged to “procure” a Rmb30bn loan for Sunac to help it complete the hotels and parks deal. Depending on whether Wanda actually lends Sunac any money or simply pull strings at a bank on the buyer’s behalf, this could be a good deal for both sides.
The data published by the CFTC reveal for the first time positions of speculators and other market participants on the west texas Intermediate oil market at the new york mercantile exchange and the London-based ICE Europe Futures.
In another constraint on Greece’s ability to raise cash, the european central bank decided to impose stricter curbs on the issuance of short-term government debt.
Starbucks plans to open at least 100 stores a year in China, aiming to build on early successes in a market the coffee chain expects will eventually rival its domestic us market in scale.
Building on his contacts with the european commission and with Harvard Business School, the initial event had a pronounced management theme. But even from the beginning, the aim was to create an interdisciplinary platform for executives to mingle with others.
The european commission has launched an inquiry into whether vast state-controlled investment funds from Russia, China and the Middle East threaten the continent's single market.
The viability of projects such as Evergrande Venice has long attracted the attention of sceptical analysts. But it is the vast borrowing that funded them that is now also coming under pressure from China’s government as it tries to steer the country’s rapid recovery from the pandemic.
Domestic state-owned banks must attend separate and more frequent meetings where a similar but far more forceful message is delivered, along with a directive to halt new loan growth altogether until the end of the year.
China’s market regulator said on Monday it had fined Alibaba, Tencent-backed online bookstore China Literature and logistics group Shenzhen Hive Box for failing to ask for regulatory approval for deals made as early as 2014.
South Korea’s official news agency Yonhap had earlier reported a North Korean train possibly carrying a senior official had crossed into China late on Monday.
The e-mail was heartfelt except for one word, and that was “shortly”. I don't expect a queue to form for my friend shortly. Even geniuses are not getting snapped up quickly – unless they happen to be security guards, social workers, accountants or teachers.
Although corporate America’s disenchantment with earnings guidance is undeniable, there are powerful obstacles to change.
Apple has entered talks with China's second-largest mobile phone carrier to bring its hit iPad and latest iPhone to the world's most populous country, raising hopes of reinvigorating sluggish sales of its products there.
mr trump rejects this vision: “We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies and destroying our jobs. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.” Moreover: “We will follow two simple rules: buy American and hire American.”
As befits a gathering deservedly known for having a high ratio of words to actions, the G20 wrapped up its meeting last weekend with a strong but ill-defined call to make globalisation and capitalism work for the good of all.
A robust us jobs report, which added a stronger-than-expected 292,000 extra jobs in December, allayed some concerns over us economic growth on Friday but failed to rescue the grim week for financial markets.
The chinese authorities know that reform, not paper wealth, is the route to real prosperity. Take just one industry: healthcare. China has already deregulated drug prices to spur competition. But, it can push harder on reducing healthcare costs. It still needs to address corruption in that market.
Though the agency lowered its outlook to negative, it affirmed its &ldquo AAA&rdquo  long-term and &ldquo A-1+&rdquo  short-term sovereign credit ratings.
Still, don't hold out too long: even before the credit crunch, Michigan's GDP per head was falling in real terms. This may be the right time to sell.
The Committee on foreign investment in the US, or Cfius, which reviews inbound investments for national security threats, recently raised concerns surrounding the 850 Third Avenue tower that HNA bought in 2016.
Judging by the caricature with which All Nippon Airways chose to depict westerners in a 30-second television ad this week you would think it was the 19th century and Commodore Perry had just hoved into view off the Port of Tokyo to initiate Japan’s opening up to outside influence.
In threatening to revoke the status of Ecuador’s embassy in order to arrest Julian Assange on the premises, Britain has scored a diplomatic own goal. For two months, the WikiLeaks founder has been holed up in the ground-floor flat in Knightsbridge, while police wait outside to enforce an order for his extradition to Sweden. Ecuador’s decision yesterday to grant him asylum has done nothing to change his state of limbo.
The FSA's Consumer Panel warned in a letter sent on Friday that the secondary listing of overseas investment funds – which require no primary listing – will “significantly undermine” consumer protection.
It was the kind of reaction usually reserved for when the presses at a venerable newspaper are switched off or a much-loved television series is scrapped.
The fund will focus on sectors such as infrastructure, resources and services with target returns of above 20 per cent a year.
The interrogations gathered momentum this week and all those called in have been ordered to retract their support for the Charter. The government appears to be concerned by the heady language and the prominence of many of the signatories, who include mid-level government officials and communist party academics.
The announcement follows a year in which liberals in the party have seen their hopes of a broader debate about political reform dashed. In February, researchers at the Communist party's top think-tank launched a book calling for far-reaching democratic reforms to curtail corruption and limit censorship. However, the reform blueprint made little headway after attention was dominated first by disturbances in Tibet, then by the Sichuan earthquake and the Beijing Olympics.
The job, paying $20 per hour, helped sustain her household, along with income from two adult sons working in the travel and hospitality industry. But their livelihoods were shattered when the crisis hit: Ms Lopez’s employers could only pay her for the first two weeks of the lockdown, while one son was moved to part-time, and the other was laid off.
The Pentagon revealed on Tuesday that the US had mistakenly sent electrical fuses for intercontinental ballistic missiles to Taiwan in 2006. Defence officials said Taiwan informed the US about the mistaken shipment only earlier this year.
Barclays said its analysis of supply and demand conditions in the oil market suggested a much tighter market than is currently priced in.
Concerns over the shocking levels of air pollution in Beijing have led a number of national teams to train elsewhere. Haile Gebrselassie, the leading Ethiopian runner, has withdrawn from the marathon because he fears the grime will exacerbate his asthma.
While India had close diplomatic ties with Africa in the second half of the last century, it scaled down the relationship after the cold war, closing a number of embassies in Africa. But trade figures point to a reawakening of interest.
Naoto Kan, Japan's prime minister, knows well the dangers of consumption tax talk. The levy has been political poison in Japan since its reintroduction was first discussed in the late 1970s, and attempts to raise the rate have contributed to the downfall of at least two prime ministers since 1993. But tax was hardly the only factor in a DPJ defeat that some think may result in Mr Kan becoming the fifth prime minister in a row to last a year or less in office.
In China, analysts describe the talent shortage as "acute". Steve Mullinjer, head of Heidrick & Struggles China practice, says: "There is a paradox of shortage among the plenty." He believes that China requires 75,000 quality people to fill senior vacancies at multinationals and expanding domestic companies - but can only supply around 5,000 candidates with suitable experience.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, the US “Web 2.0” service www.Twitter.com should feel very flattered by the attention it is receiving from Chinese internet entrepreneurs.
Nobuhisa Sagawa, an ex-finance ministry bureaucrat, said the decision to alter documents about a sale of public land was made by his staff alone. He said there were no orders from Mr Abe, his wife Akie Abe, finance minister Taro Aso or any of the prime minister’s aides.
While both sides hope that they can at least restart formal trade negotiations after this weekend’s encounter between the two presidents, another bust-up is also possible if mr trump follows through on his earlier threat to impose tariffs on all chinese exports to the US.
My quarrel is not so much with them as with the implicitly derogatory and frankly sexist use of the word lunch. The kind of repast that these ladies are imagined to indulge in would take place, typically, in a restaurant in a department store, as a spiritually empty, Chardonnay-fuelled break between bouts of shopping. This is, of course, a travesty of the true meaning of lunch.
The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (Swift) said the value of international renminbi payments fell 29.5 per cent compared with 2015.
Relations had been anything but forward-looking. Mired in bitter wartime memories and the vexed question of Yasukuni shrine – the Tokyo war memorial where 2.5m soldiers, including 14 convicted war criminals, are honoured – they were at their lowest point in decades.
The reason is clear. US-listed entities have been left behind while a bull market rages in China. Many trade on a sorry 20 times 2016 earnings forecasts, or less  the tech-heavy Shenzhen index is on a giddy 33. The incentive that drove chinese companies to seek US listings — higher valuations — has been reversed. Companies taken private can relist at higher valuations back home, as Focus Media has done. So more buyouts are likely. Other groups with market values under $5bn include education provider New Oriental Education and the recruiter 51Job.
Mr Kim, known to suffer from diabetes and heart problems, was last seen in public on August 14, when he inspected a military unit, according to North Korean media reports. South Korea's foreign ministry and unification ministry were unable to confirm the Chosun report.
The choice of counties on the list appears more in line with efforts to redistribute wealth rather than ease the IPO bottleneck. For example, Yunnan province, home to only six companies waiting to go public, has 73 of the impoverished counties — the highest for any province — targeted by the CSRC plan.
The statement issued after the federal open market Committee's March policy meeting, which left the Fed funds rate at 5.25 per cent as universally expected, also said “the committee's predominant policy concern remains the risk that inflation will fail to moderate as expected.”
In 1948 Harold Lasswell defined the objective of media communications research as discovering “who says what to whom in what channel with what effect”. The difficulty for researchers has been that for the first half-century or so after Lasswell set out the aim, it has been largely impossible.
The market sent MUFG shares down 5.3 per cent to Y926 and Mizuho's shares lower by 5 per cent to Y511,000. SMFG fell 6 per cent to Y784,000.
This was almost two years ago, and one of Benn's sound bites has had me thinking ever since. He pointed out that “in a democracy, everybody gets a vote. In the market, the poor and the homeless don't get a vote.” Ergo, government provision of, well, anything, is preferable to leaving it to the market.
Given that one of the Chinese government's main goals is to provide jobs, such a rapid expansion might seem to be welcome news in Beijing. Yet officials are very worried about the build-up in the industry.
Both GPs and LPs do not want too much exposure to an individual deal, so are unlikely to devote more than 10 per cent of the fund's total committed capital to any one transaction. Diversification is important because private equity is a high risk, high reward endeavour.
Britain’s bid to become the leading centre for offshore trading in the renminbi is set to receive a boost with the designation of china construction Bank, the country’s second-largest lender, as a clearing bank in London for the Chinese currency.
Mr Yang's promotion is not thought to signal achange in China's diplomacy. But it suggests a desire by Hu Jintao, the president, for a fresh approach amid rising trade tensions with the US and ahead of tests next year including the beijing olympics and an election in Taiwan.
trump administration officials have spent recent months locked in tough debates about how to reach a deal with Beijing that would cut the us trade deficit and propel structural reform in China. But while those debates have largely been left to officials with a trade portfolio, mr pompeo has recently joined the fray, according to four people familiar with interventions that the new secretary of state has made.
This reflects both the squeeze on the bank credit accessible by private companies and the more recent crackdown on the shadow banking system, which had previously been a source of credit as bank loans started to dry up. The failure of the state to protect private property rights has also played a significant role, undermining the trust and confidence that many entrepreneurs have in the system.
The US and China said they would extend co-operation on energy, and expand trade in environmental goods and services.
Takashimaya, one of Japan's largest department store operators, said yesterday it would open its first store in Shanghai in 2012, the latest signal that foreign retailers continue to pin their hopes on the chinese market while many are suffering at home.
In the wake of the questions about chinese products in the US, the chinese government has impounded a number of shipments of exports from the US in recent weeks which has raised fears that the safety problems could escalate into a broader trade dispute.
It was the latest of several “trust” events I have chaired since the 2008 banking crisis. There have been other scandals since then, such as bribery in the pharmaceutical industry and Volkswagen’s diesel emissions cheating, that have made “trust” events even more urgent.
The growing tension between the obama administration and business is a cause for national concern. The president has lost the confidence of employers, whose worries over taxes and the increased costs of new regulation are holding back investment and growth. The government must appreciate that confidence is an imperative if business is to invest, take risks and put the millions of unemployed back to productive work.
What caused this dramatic erosion of confidence? Was it the result of fiscal profligacy, such as that revealed in Greece, that marked the start of the slide? Was it the loss of competitiveness? Or current account imbalances? Without doubt all these were contributing factors. But the contagion that has spread to so many eurozone member states points to a broader problem: the incomplete design of the euro area – lax monitoring, inadequate enforcement of the rules and non-existence of a crisis management framework. It also points to the collective failure of eurozone decision makers to tackle this problem effectively. A failure that has been marked by a sequence of EU summits and aborted plans that have convinced some that a solution is beyond reach.
The essential point is that current account imbalances are the mirror image of international investment flows. These move, not always from rich to poor countries, but from high-saving economies such as China to those such as the US with a high propensity to consume. Lord Lawson instances the old Halifax building society, which in its heyday channelled savings from the north of the UK to the more free-spending south. The difficulty with this analogy is that the UK has been for centuries under one political jurisdiction employing a common currency. Internationally, everything depends on what the surplus countries do with their surpluses.
Apple's small share of the personal computer market has been creeping up, helped at least in part by the relative ease of use of iLife, its multimedia application suite.
“India’s sudden U-turn away from sales charges has wreaked chaos in the retail marketplace. Southeast Asia’s retail markets are either nascent or tightly held by local firms. And throughout Asia, there are encroaching regulations.”
This could have been because most of them no longer work for JPMorgan, or because men in white jackets were topping up every champagne glass each time a sip was taken.
Apple was the first public company to join the $1tn club, in August 2018, and now holds a $1.4tn market capitalisation. It was followed by Amazon, Microsoft and Saudi Aramco. Amazon has since dipped below the $1tn mark.
The demand for fine wine in Asia has sent the price of the best French vintages to new highs as buyers in hong kong take advantage of the territory's recent scrapping of high import tariffs.
Horizon, which was co-founded by Yu Kai, who led the self-driving project at the tech giant Baidu, has a partnership with Audi to develop self-driving cars in the eastern city of Wuxi. Another of Horizon’s chips runs facial recognition algorithms and enables cameras to identify faces from a database in the device of up to 50,000 faces.
Hong Kong’s government is, of course, not accountable to voters, either. But the story is not so different in young democracies such as Taiwan or the Philippines. They are in a mess, not just because of flawed leadership, but because opposition legislators are intent less on promoting positive policy agendas than on bringing down their governments.
Many American conservatives were considerably less coy. Max Boot of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote an article frankly entitled: "The Case for American Empire". Charles Krauthammer, an influential columnist, panted that America "is the dominant power in the world, more dominant than any since Rome. America is in a position to . . . create new realities." Mr Krauthammer recommended that this be done by "unapologetic and implacable demonstrations of will". In two influential books, Niall Ferguson, a British historian and FT contributing editor, sought to rehabilitate the reputation of the British empire and to suggest that liberal US imperialism "makes sense today in terms of both American self-interest and altruism".
Such has been the explosive growth of Bitcoin in China that the country’s biggest exchange for the digital currency had its logo scrawled on its front entrance in magic marker until this week.
In order to pay back the Tarp funds, BofA will use $26.2bn of its own cash and raise an additional $18.8bn in the markets beginning on Thursday through the sale of stock or warrants that can be converted into stock.
Nine months after its initial announcement, the fertiliser company has yet to reach an agreement with Sinopec, the state-owned oil company, on the price of gas from China’s first commercial shale development.
The appearance of stability and continuity is exactly what president hu jintao and his fellow leaders want. On the fringes of the congress there were a refreshing number of news conferences and interviews, but the core political business of the congress itself – along with the horse-trading that preceded it – remained shrouded in secrecy.
The business networking site raised $53m as recently as June. The latest round of fund-raising brings in new “strategic” investors Goldman Sachs, McGraw-Hill, the publisher of Business Week, and SAP, the German business software group.
From the early 2000s, nationwide infrastructure and property investment allowed heavy industry to expand and produced strong growth, a process intensified by a massive government stimulus following the global financial crisis in 2008.
Iran’s judiciary said it has executed an Iranian nuclear scientist who claimed he had been abducted by the US because he had revealed “classified information of the system to Iran’s hostile enemy”.
president xi jinping has pledged a more open approach to the Belt and Road Initiative, as western divisions over China were laid bare at a forum on his flagship foreign policy.
After months of talks with the US authorities, the German bank said early on Friday it had agreed “in principle” to pay a $3.1bn civil penalty and also provide $4.1bn in relief to consumers.
Didi Chuxing, China’s dominant ride-sharing company, is continuing to let migrants drive in those cities, putting it on course for a potential confrontation with local governments determined to reduce the migrant population.
But this is starting to change— and in ways that may affect BRI investments. In May this year, Beijing ordered SASAC companies to bring down their debt-to-asset ratios by 2020. Analysts said this was likely to entail a greater focus on the quality of overseas investment projects.
Instead the conference was postponed at the last minute and Herman Van Rompuy and José manuel barroso were stuck in Brussels trying to hammer out a deal to save the eurozone.
But the main obstacle to the IMF single-handedly saving the world is not technocratic but political. Its member governments are wary of handing over that much power to a single institution.
Four years ago Mr Scott, who has been Wal-Mart's chief since 2000, launched perhaps the most dramatic transformation in us corporate history. His ambition was to turn a company focused on low prices, with $375bn &#8364 238bn) in sales last year, into a leading business advocate for environmental and social sustainability – responding to a hitherto unremitting wave of criticism from socially concerned investors and environmental campaigners.
A knee-jerk reaction of equity prices to the outcome of the Doha meeting makes little sense. There is little evidence that oil prices and major stock indices, such as the S&P 500, move together. share prices soared when oil trod water above $100 per barrel up to mid-2014, and then initially went higher after oil halved.
This happy-clappy version of globalisation suggests that our future is outward-looking, inclusive, and interconnected. But that vision clearly does not resonate with all, as mr obama acknowledged. Globalisation also inflames fears about the erosion of identity, nationality and economic security — as became all too evident during Britain’s referendum campaign.
Holcim has reached agreement with Venezuela over compensation for the seizure of its assets in 2008, ending a two-year stand-off with Caracas.
The share prices of Baosteel and other large companies have risen sharply this week on the prospect of price increases.
Under the orthodoxy that held sway until the financial crisis, Asia had no options. Intellectually subservient to the west, it followed the consensus of freer markets and smaller states. But if this continues, the region will face a bleak future of unbalanced export-dominated growth, food and water shortages, and major environmental degradation.
Some parents expect their sons or daughters to take a very hands-on role in running the family's business or assets, while some might just want their children to understand how the portfolio is structured.
His initial response was typical, Prof Gast said. “He asked me to write again to his whole team with a message he could forward . . . He’s a very collegial academic.” Then he said something startling. “He told me he had a dry cough.”
Usually the process stops there. Very occasionally, a few days later I start to wonder if maybe they could have a point after all. Yet even then, the following step – a corresponding change in behaviour – seems always to elude me.
Since the dawn of civilisation, mankind has been obsessed by the possibility that it will one day be extinguished. The impact of an asteroid on earth and the spectre of nuclear holocaust are the most prevalent millenarian fears of our age. But some scientists are increasingly of the view that a new nightmare must be added to the list. Their concern is that intelligent computers will eventually develop minds of their own and destroy the human race.
Most chinese officials punctuate their sentences with the words “harmonious” and “dynamic”. In Nanjing, home to the mausoleums of the first Ming emperor and the first president of the Republic of China, the word “historic” is also regularly used. Yet construction has swamped the old city. Aside from a few ancient buildings and a medieval wall, the town gives little hint of its age. All is new  much gleams.
Mr Le Gall, 50, has moved between the commercial and government sides of the industry with stints at the French space agency and the ministry of industry before joining Arianespace in 2001.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence party, raising questions about whether the anti-EU group can maintain its momentum without its only household name.
“Our strength allows us to maintain our leadership in the global community and while we must lead by example, we cannot do it alone,” he told the hearing.
Yet the science of negotiation is an obscure discipline, and I fear few of us really practise it with much rigour or forethought.
How much this was ever a fully thought through political programme, as opposed to a rhetorical declaration, has at times been in doubt. Earlier this year, Messrs Xi and Li restated their commitment to China delivering a steroid-fuelled 7.5 per cent rate of growth in 2014 – the same goal as was set in the final year of the last leadership. This old-style target came in spite of clear evidence that the economy was overheating.
Chinese state-owned oil company china national petroleum corp has concluded a complicated asset shuffle that allows state-owned steel mill Baosteel, two Chinese insurers and a number of funds to acquire stakes in three mammoth pipelines carrying gas across China.
It’s easy to look at South Africa’s president Jacob Zuma and think: he’s just an opportunist. There’s his lovely new homestead Nkandla, upgraded largely at taxpayers’ expense, with its famous fire pool” (for security, not for swimming, Zuma insists). There’s his belief that his African National Congress should rule south africa long beyond Wednesday’s elections – “until Jesus comes”, as he said in 2009.
Peter Hilton, analyst at Credit Suisse, says: “The Americans are being allowed to inject more capacity into the Chinese system and moving goods that would have traditionally gone to Asian carriers.”
mr yang declined to name potential targets but said the western credit crisis presented a buying opportunity for his company because it had made financial institutions relatively cheap.
“The growth prospects of key emerging markets and developing economies such as [in Southeast Asia] and China have worsened, partly due to the escalation in the US-China trade conflict in recent months,” the ministry said in the statement.
China fines Schneider $45m/b
Maybe it is time to lighten up a little, and go beyond mere reason when developing your strategy. And who says you shouldn't have fun while doing that? “Everybody is so serious,” says Prof Mintzberg in his co-authored work Strategy Bites Back. “If that gets us better strategies, fine. But it often gets us worse ones – standard, generic, uninspiring. Strategy doesn't only have to position, it has to inspire. So an uninspiring strategy is really no strategy at all.”/i
Mr Brown's allies say they expect Lord Mandelson, business secretary, to be given his dream job at the Foreign Office, taking the post once held by Herbert Morrison, his grandfather.
The Beijing-backed plan to test at least 5m of the territory’s 7.5m people began on Tuesday but has reignited tension and distrust in the authorities following more than a year of social unrest.
US ride-hailing company Uber and South Korea’s Hyundai Motor are teaming up to develop air taxis, joining the fledgling race to launch flying cars in big cities.
opinion polls from Gaza and the West Bank, conducted in December 2001, show that students and professionals are more likely than the unemployed or labourers to say that terrorism can be justified, and more likely to deny that a suicide bombing in a Tel Aviv night club should be described as “a terrorist act”. (The polls reveal more unanimity than disagreement on these points, but certainly offer no evidence that education or wealth leads to more moderate views.)
In fact, companies from China have been the largest users of IPOs worldwide over the past 10 years, exceeding the number of US issuers by 170 per cent.
Anbang Insurance Group, the acquisitive chinese conglomerate that owns New York’s Waldorf Astoria hotel, has suffered a credit downgrade, with a local rating agency warning that its life insurance unit’s “wealth creation ability has weakened”.
Western internet companies have struggled to make in-roads in China, the country with, as well as the world's biggest population, the world's biggest online population, with 340m users.
Of course, we couldn't discuss commodities without mentioning gold. In spite of its steady climb over the past couple of years, once you strip out inflation, it's still far below its historic highs. It is unlikely this price will weaken.
The soaring food prices that have triggered global political and economic turmoil over the past year have finally shown the first tentative signs of stablising.
It is capitalism, not communism, that generates what the communist Leon Trotsky once called "permanent revolution". It is the only economic system of which that is true. Joseph Schumpeter called it "creative destruction". Now, after the fall of its adversary, has come another revolutionary period. Capitalism is mutating once again.
Interim rulings are issued for comment and rarely changed. China will have the right of appeal, delaying a definitive decision to late this year or 2009.
Another plus for the supplier nations is that exploration and production are not keeping pace with demand. “There will be a shortage in 10 years' time based on existing discoveries,” says Mr Kwan.
The world's second largest economy is neither growing nor contracting, according to the latest HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI).
The US and many other countries face a bad recession - but surely nothing to compare with that sustained catastrophe. Ragged as the response to this emergency seems, we will look back and say that, compared with previous crises, the remedies were both prompt and massive. Notwithstanding the past few weeks' arguments about how to stabilise the situation, we will also say that consensus was achieved with surprising speed - and that the willingness to support it with sufficient resources (meaning without limit) was never really in question. In short, the mistakes of the 1930s are not being repeated.
Jilin Trust warned investors in December that one of its products – securities backed by loans to an overleveraged coal miner in northern china – was at risk of failing. Jilin Trust had attracted investors by promising a 10 per cent annual return, but did not take any collateral from the miner, instead accepting a guarantee from another coal company that is now also struggling.
The survey, which was conducted by the Council of Graduate Schools, said that this year's 8 per cent increase in foreign applications – which comes on the heels of last year's 12 per cent rise – was an indication that the US government's attempts at making the student visa process more user-friendly appeared to be working.
The debate will no doubt rage for some time about how Apple will fare now steve jobs has stepped down as chief executive. Will the group retain its extraordinary leadership in the technology sphere – one that has carried it to the brink of becoming the world’s most valuable listed company?
India, which insists it sent its troops in aid of Bhutan and in defence of its own strategic interests, has called for all parties to “display utmost restraint”.
The president of the Federal Reserve’s regional bank in Texas, a state hard-hit by the new US coronavirus outbreak, has called for more “discipline” in wearing masks, saying official health guidelines were more important to the country’s economic fate than fiscal or monetary policy.
The chinese ecommerce giant is seeking to take full control of New York-listed Youku Tudou, the Chinese video hosting site in which it acquired a stake in 2014.
You may never have heard of Andreas Schleicher, a placid German who wouldn’t look out of place as the reliable engineer in an Audi advert, but he is the most powerful man in global education. An employee of the OECD, he is the man in charge of Pisa, a triennial assessment that measures the performance of children across 65 countries and regions.
Chad Hurley, the co-founder of YouTube who sold the site to Google for $1.65bn last year, told the world economic forum in Davos that it would introduce the system within months.
Relentless cost reductions over the past decade have made solar panels and wind turbines increasingly competitive with coal and natural gas.
Despite the obviously poor condition of local waterways, Su Huimin, director of Chaohu's local Sepa office, is upbeat. “We do have an environmental problem but it is getting smaller all the time,” Mr Su says. “The local government takes this issue very seriously.” Indeed, there are signs of action against polluters singled out by Sepa bosses as among the area's most egregious.
Russia denounced Ukraine’s interim leaders as dictators and blasted the western governments that it said helped bring them to power, in a sign that the toppling of Viktor Yanukovich as president is triggering a regional stand-off.
However, it isn’t just about willingness  this time China’s ability to ease is also constrained. For the first time in a quarter of a century, China has to make a choice between external stability and growth. The prospect of the renminbi being used as a global reserve currency is not strong enough for investors to ignore the downtrend in China’s current account balance. The last thing chinese policymakers would want to expose $25tn sitting in domestic money stock to is much higher currency volatility.
But it said that that the difficulties it warned about in its last report had occurred and now it was more optimistic.
The move to strip London of oversight of Libor is likely to anger George Osborne, the UK chancellor, who has already overseen a wide-ranging review to restore faith in the flagship interest rate benchmark.
At least 40 people are reported to have died after a Taiwanese aircraft crashed trying to make an emergency landing on the island of Penghu in the Straits of Taiwan.
These holdings are in addition to those in credit derivatives which led to losses and have already mired the bank in controversy.
However, when measured in real terms that control for valuation, forex reserves actually rose by $9bn, the first time they have inched up in seven months.
That is some way off. Beijing has lifted restrictions on investing up to half the existing quotas for overseas investment – dubbed qualified domestic institutional investor, or QDII – in equities. That implies potential outflows of just $7bn-$9bn. Hong Kong's bourse, the obvious first port of call, can turn over more than that in a day. And even that amount may not be unleashed immediately. The attractions of, say, hong kong stocks pale when contrasted to the domestic market, up 48 per cent this year in local-currency terms.
The regulatory pressure on Facebook rose another notch yesterday as the us federal trade commission confirmed it had opened an investigation into the company’s privacy practices after the scandal in which the data of 50m users was misused.
oil prices rose to their highest level this year yesterday amid fears that tensions over Iran's detention of 15 British naval personnel and Tehran's nuclear programme could escalate into a wider confrontation.
He achieved this on the most unpromising ground. In a terrible way, apartheid succeeded. It started from the assumption that people of different “races” were different, and it created races that really were different. Black and white South Africans grew up in different neighbourhoods, spoke different languages, went to different schools, earned different incomes and died at different ages. These divides were designed to create white contempt. I remember aged about 10, queueing at a Johannesburg ice-cream van, watching the following scene: a customer, another bearded white guy, is accusing the black vendor of being slow. “You’re so stupid!” the white man shouts. “You should not have this job! Quickly, give me ice cream!” The black man hands it over wordlessly  he isn’t allowed to talk back.
The close relationship between an agency and its clients also means agents can be brought into the spotlight if the clients mis-behave. Mr Berg experienced this six months ago when Mel Gibson, one of ICM's biggest stars, made anti-Semitic remarks to a Jewish police officer after being arrested for drink driving.
Washington said Beijing’s media policies were “incompatible with China’s aspirations to build a modern information-based economy” and were a breach of fundamental rights. The european commission expressed “strong opposition” to “this kind of restrictive practice”.
The driving force is obvious enough: inflation remains too high for comfort. A stronger renminbi both blunts imported price pressures and reduces the need for the central bank to print yet more money to hold down the exchange rate. With inflation expected to climb higher in May and June, a policy of faster appreciation will find more support than normal in Beijing.
Yet vigorous capital market reform is a prerequisite for creating a stronger financial system, an effective monetary policy and a more flexible currency regime. Without access to international skills and technology, it will not happen. Opening such sectors as healthcare and transport to inter- national participation would also enable China to meet its needs faster and more efficiently.
The global economy was facing the worst collapse since the second world war as coronavirus began to strike in March, well before the height of the crisis, according to the latest Brookings-FT tracking index.
Pakistan was last night waiting to see whether the strike represented a watershed in Mr Musharraf's treatment of rogue madrassas, after years of criticism that he has failed to crack down on violent extremists.
In the past decade China has not only become a magnet for overseas university students, it has also seen the launch of a growing number of management and finance programmes in the English language.
London’s financial sector started to feel the full effects of Brexit on the first trading day of 2021 as nearly €6bn of EU share dealing shifted away from the City to facilities in European capitals.
The consumer price index rose by 1.8 per cent year-on-year in January, from 1.6 per cent in December 2015. However, CPI continues to trail Beijing’s target of “around 3 per cent“.
He was previously co- president of the Singapore office, where he advised powerful clients, including Temasek, the city-state's investment fund. Charles Ong, his brother, is Temasek's chief strategist.
What can stimulate such a transformation? Given that industrial capacity is already too high, privatisation is the answer. A decision to continue to concentrate resources in government hands would do more harm than good.
In its 2005 ruling the WTO agreed with Brazil that US cotton subsidies depressed world prices, hurting cotton producers in Brazil and around the world including 20m poor cotton farmers in Africa.
We lived in a suburban, middle-class home. On the walls, however, hung the portrait of an 18th-century Anglo-French aristocrat, a maternal ancestor. In the intervening centuries, my aristocratic forebears had lost their status and wealth due to drink, gambling and poor decisions. Thus, my only link with royalty was that portrait and the fact that I have the same unusual middle name – Romaine – as the noblewoman in the picture.
Rodrigo Duterte, the flamboyant president of the Philippines, has spent this week in Beijing executing a dramatic pivot away from the US, his country’s closest ally, and into the arms of the rising superpower, China.
But a big gap would open up between actual and potential output in many economies, resulting in business failures, rising unemployment and declining incomes for some groups in society.
During the negotiations in Brasília last week with Chen Deming, China’s commerce minister, Brazil’s government gave Beijing a list of 10 processed goods it wants to start exporting in quantity, such as frozen chicken wings and soyabean oil.
The incident demonstrated Beijing’s struggle to win friends and influence potential regional allies in the run-up to Tuesday’s landmark decision by an international arbitration tribunal in The Hague, which dismissed China’s expansive territorial claims in the south china Sea.
We don’t know whether the Israeli government has a definitive plan to attack Iran’s nuclear facilities before the US presidential election. The evidence is that senior figures in the Israeli intelligence and military establishments are somewhere between deeply cautious and hostile about such action. On the other hand, benjamin netanyahu may well prove vainglorious and reckless enough to overrule them.
Optimists believe there is now little prospect of the Greece débacle causing lasting damage to the fragile European Monetary Union. Allianz notes the eurozone as a whole fares relatively well against other large economies, with debt at 78.2 per cent of gross domestic product. Japan's debt ratio of around 190 per cent is substantially higher and the US's 83.1 per cent also exceeds the euro area's. But with Spain, Ireland and the UK all planning unprecedented tightening, coming years will be a monumental test of political courage for all European leaders.
Some theorists believe Mofcom is waiting for the mood music between Beijing and Washington to improve before clearing the deal.
Infosys has chosen to go it alone. But it has not had any more success in scaling up in China because its customers, who are mostly based in the US and Europe, prefer India, with its base of English speakers and established reputation for outsourcing.
In an interview with the FT, mr paulson said he had encouraged the delegation to meet members of Congress on the basis that there “will almost certainly be some China trade legislation” and it was important for both sides to hear each other's views. The treasury secretary made clear he had no intention of surrendering the role of principle interlocutor between the US and China.
As I can't see you landing a peachy job outside, you can either stick it out gracefully or become a grumpy nuisance. The latter would be silly because it will put your job at risk, and because by obsessing about him you'll end up bitter and boring – an old git, in fact.
At the start of this month, the gilts market appeared overwhelmed by the burgeoning demands of the UK government. Then the Bank of England sprang to the rescue, announcing that it would spend tens of billions of pounds acquiring government bonds. Gilts surged in response to this news. Economists applauded. Their reactions are mistaken. Quantitative easing, as it is called, poses a grave danger to Britain's creditors. It is a perilous policy that threatens further disruption to the financial system at some future date.
Ms Massenet, who founded Net-a-Porter in 2000 — the same year that Federico Marchetti set up Yoox — had stayed at the helm of the business after selling it in 2010 to Switzerland’s Richemont in a deal that valued the London-based group at £350m.
With just over two weeks until Xstrata shareholders are due to vote on the deal, both companies now concede that it is unlikely that the deal will go through in its current form. “The deal is not looking positive,” said one person close to the merger talks.
For once, Gordon Brown is guilty of understatement. The other day the prime minister remarked on the rising public anger at the behaviour of Britain's banks. Unbridled rage would have been a more accurate description of the national mood.
On the evening of July 8, the streets of the South Sudanese capital of Juba were raked with gunfire as an uneasy truce between warring political factions broke down. Inside the offices of DeWe Security, a Chinese private security firm, phones started ringing.
The likelihood of success for this “eminearly/i/em nationalised” model is low, as the conflict of aims is irresolvable. As long as they remain inearly /inationalised they will remain subject to difficult questions of capital adequacy and governance, and uncertainty as to their future.
Avid Life Media, which owns Ashley Madison, has appointed a new chief executive, Rob Segal, to attempt a fresh start at the company.
Investments in private equity firms are usually not made public, but industry executives believe the largest previous investment in a private equity firm came from pension funds in the us states of Oregon and Washington. The two funds both invested about $1bn to $1.5bn in Kohlberg Kravis Roberts.
Or would that be too funereal?
“Indelible in the [brain] is the laughter, the uproarious laughter between the two,” recalled Ms Ford, now a psychology professor in California.
The us treasury unveiled a record $75bn in debt sales yesterday, slated for next week.
Ms Fey, who used be head writer on SNL/i, presumably based Donaghy partly on Bob Wright, the genial chairman of NBC Universal, who worked in GE's financial services arm before he moved to the real 30 Rock (as NBC's headquarters in the Rockefeller Center in new york are known). But Donaghy is his own man: a Machiavellian alpha male who hero-worships Jack Welch, delights in office politics and tries to impose Six Sigma on television writers.
In an apocalyptic forecast, Claude Mandil, the agency’s executive director, said that our current path “may mean skyrocketing prices or more frequent blackouts  can mean more supply disruptions, more meteorological catastrophes – or all these at the same time”.
This week as Opec, which produces roughly 40 per cent of oil, gathers for its twice-yearly meeting in Vienna, to discuss the health of the oil market. “There is a divide in Opec between the relatively comfortable Gulf producers and the rest,” says Neil Atkinson, director of consultancy Datamonitor Energy.
The government has mostly stopped issuing temporary business travel visas &ndash  known as &ldquo F&rdquo  class visas &ndash  for travel to China after September 15 and is checking applications for all other visa types more thoroughly, according to people familiar with the matter.
Although demand for SUVs is slumping in most parts of the world, it remains strong in China. sales rose by 40 per cent in the first four months of the year – more than double the growth rate for the passenger car market as a whole. Car imports have also nearly doubled. Many of these are large luxury cars.
Simon Murray is a straight talker. That is the best that can be said for the interview given by the new chairman of the Switzerland-based commodities company Glencore this week. After describing his native England as “economically absolutely shambolic” the 71-year-old gave his crusty opinions on women’s attitudes to work.
The move represents a huge bet for Hopu, which will become a leading shareholder in China's largest privately owned bank after its listing. Soros Fund Management, founded by George Soros, is among several overseas investors seeking to acquire a $100m stake in Minsheng.
Yet in one respect at least, namely the clarity of the master plan itself, mr musk retained his power to impress — giving a masterclass in jargon-free business communication that others would do well to copy.
CDO securities are de-signed so that some take the first loss if any of the underlying debt defaults, while other "senior" securities only suffer losses after the riskier tranches are wiped out. In a typical CDO, senior securities can achieve credit ratings much higher than those of the underlying debt - sometimes triple-A, the same rating as us government securities.
Fear is stalking CMA GGM itself. The value of the privately held company’s debt has plummeted in the last few weeks, with its five-year bond trading at just 65 cents on the euro, as bondholders brace for heavy losses. The company has a €725m bond maturing in January that will need either refinancing or repaying with an equity raise.
In Wenzhou, where house prices have fallen sharply, a real estate developer said it would throw in the keys for a BMW with each flat at a new complex for the first 150 buyers.
No — but expect to hear a lot about “adjusted” profits in various parts of the company. Uber knows investors want proof the ride-hailing business can break even after breathtaking losses in 2019. It has promised to be profitable — but only on an adjusted basis — by 2021. Private backers were happy to fund expansion at subsidised rates. public markets are not. After listing in May, Uber shares have lost a third of their value. Costs are being trimmed  sales are rising. But without exiting food delivery or launching driverless cars it is unclear whether Uber will ever make a profit. Elaine Moore
Senior chinese officials have warned that future investment in the developing world, especially in Africa, could be threatened if chinese companies do not take steps to reduce corruption and adopt more socially responsible behaviour.
JPMorgan Chase’s trading and investment banking revenues “are up about 20 per cent” so far in the fourth quarter, chief executive jamie dimon said on Tuesday, signalling a strong end to a year when volatility and central bank interventions paid off big for Wall Street.
This will provide limited growth opportunities but most licence holders see this arrangement as a step towards a move into the public funds market.
Although Ms Chakrabarthi and Mr Mitra had always planned to set up their own business, many of their peers at ISB in the class of 2009, and at other top schools around the world, are finding that with traditional jobs in banking and management consultancy in short supply this year, working for small entrepreneurial ventures, or setting up a company, is becoming an increasingly viable option. In particular, the opportunity cost of relinquishing a middle manager's salary in order to start a company is far lower than giving up an investment banker's salary.
The size and scale of the US historically meant large tech companies could be built without looking outside their domestic market. Now, entrepreneurs running companies barely a year old are going global – having learnt lessons from the likes of Groupon, which paid about $100m in 2010 to acquire MyCityDeal, a year-old “clone” created by the Samwer brothers of Germany, who went on to run its international business.
India’s economic growth per capita was now rising by 7.5 per cent annually versus the 1.25 per cent seen between 1950 and 1980. The faster growth, the OECD said, had resulted in India becoming the third-largest economy in the world in 2006 in purchasing power parity terms behind only the US and China and slightly ahead of Japan.
Other health activists have run into trouble for being too outspoken. In 2006 authorities in far-western Xinjiang banned an Aids education group after it publicised a local school's expulsion of children infected with hepatitis B.
Is this a fair description of the current state of Teutonic finance, following the news that German banks are to rescue IKB, a specialised lender, from its disastrous investment losses? Perhaps. But it might equally describe the mood in Tokyo a decade ago. For, as the peculiar events around IKB have unfolded this month – apparently sparked by bad bets made in the us subprime market by its linked investment funds – long-time Japan watchers have experienced a twinge of emidéjà vu/i/em.
If there is an economic lesson from the past 12 months, it is this: Covid-19 is the moment to do capitalism differently. The pandemic showed our economic system is not simply in crisis, it is structurally flawed.
Until recently, the rapid rise in the price of gold had more to do with opportunistic financial trading than any larger structural investment theme, let alone a drop in physical supply or an increase in industrial use.
Mark Tucker, whose appointment as executive chairman and chief executive of AIA was confirmed yesterday, is in the region talking to regulators and potential investors from Singapore, hong kong and China.
The recruitment of Patrick Siewert, Coca-Cola's chief operating officer for Asia-Pacific, is the second such hiring in recent weeks by the US firm and highlights the maturing of private equity in Asia.
data released on Tuesday by the OECD, the Paris-based club of mostly rich nations, revealed that the performance of the UK’s schools is “flat in a changing world”. The Pisa survey shows there has been little change in the UK’s ranking during the three years since the last international test results were published, which are taken at age 15 in order to compare standards across the world in reading, maths and science.
The proposal, distributed to European capitals before a summit in Brussels beginning today, also calls for speeding up development of a pipeline route through Azerbaijan and Turkey that would bring gas to Europe from the Caspian Sea, avoiding Russian territory.
Mr Pople says environmental investment need not be based on a desire to be “socially responsible”. Many people are drawn by potential returns rather than a desire to help the planet, though this is a bonus.
The group, which makes everything from nuclear power plants to bullet trains, said its elevator factory in China had resumed production and that it expected the construction industry to rebound as cities end their lockdowns.
The battle to sell high-speed rail has become a proxy for the broader competition between Japan and China for industrial supremacy and political influence in Asia. Yet officials say the cut-throat battle over high-speed rail reflects a different reality — few buyers actually want it.
Local industry executives stress that the inquiry is the latest in a series of audits by the commission, which sets an upper “ceiling” price for all patented and generic drugs reimbursed by the government.
“Many millennials wouldn’t consider paying €30,000 to €40,000 for a car,” he said. “They are growing up with Uber and car sharing. But then they have kids and they find they do need a car. They say, ‘I have €400 for the month and want to know what’s available’.”
On the face of things, the skiing industry has boomed in China. The country had fewer than 10,000 skiers and nine small skiable hills in 1996. That swelled to about 5m skiers and 186 possible destinations at the end of last year, according to the Chinese Ski Association.
Nor does he have a record of managing such a big and complex company: Tim Koogle was chief executive of Yahoo from 1995 to 2001, when Mr Semel took over. Mr Yang, who by all accounts is pleasant and unassuming in private, has always left management blocking and tackling to others, preferring to be a cultural and technological guardian.
A global probe into alleged manipulation of the multi-billion dollar currencies market has widened its focus to include the US, with Barclays putting three New York-based traders on leave and Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley becoming embroiled in the investigations.
At first glance, this might seem unrealistic. The renminbi is hardly a global investment currency and barely registers on central bank balance sheets. So any change would require a profound shift in the financial landscape.
The billionaire also urged his legions of followers to remember that the stock market usually rises – the S&P 500 index has produced annual increases in 75 per cent of the past 44 years – and may do so again even if the downturn persists.
The letter, signed by 187 historians, calls on Japan’s government to “show leadership by addressing Japan’s history of colonial rule and wartime aggression in both words and action” on the 70th anniversary of the war’s end this year.
The words were uttered by Roberto Calderoli, a senator and member of the opposition Northern League, at a political rally in the northern town of Treviglio. He was talking about Cécile Kyenge, the minister for integration in Enrico Letta’s coalition government.
Capping a day of extreme political turbulence in Athens, George Papandreou told his socialist colleagues that there was no need for a referendum after the conservative opposition promised to support the terms of a €130bn ($180bn) bail-out from the European Union, european central bank and the international monetary Fund. “Failure to back the package would mean the beginning of our departure from the euro,” Mr Papandreou said. “But if we have consensus, then we don’t need a referendum.”
The latest weekly data on commercial paper from the federal reserve showed a decline of $61bn in outstanding volume, the largest weekly decline since August of last year.
Moreover, a subsidy-fuelled expansion rarely works long term in China, since it just leads more price-sensitive chinese consumers to look for the most attractive bargain at that moment. Brand loyalty is fleeting.
“If you don’t get recruited first time around it’s extremely difficult,” says Mr Takeda, who couldn’t even get a part-time position. “I didn’t have any work experience. Once you have a blank period on your CV it’s extremely hard to get a job.”
The head of Hong Kong’s de facto central bank has warned that it could take measures to support the local property market if it finds evidence of a price downturn, as the city raises interest rates in lockstep with the us federal Reserve.
The National Guard will be deployed on to the streets of Washington this week as the city braces for potentially violent clashes when supporters of donald trump descend on the nation’s capital to protest the outcome of the presidential election.
The Nordic nation plans to launch two satellites in 2022 to bring strong broadband coverage to its strategically important Arctic north. Satellites were once able to roam freely without fear of interference, but that is no longer the case as the great powers fight for supremacy in space.
Taiwan's leading insurers outlined their exposure to the us subprime turmoil yesterday, but analysts said the overall exposure of the island's financial sector was small.
“A lot of companies are still misunderstanding what social networks are,” he says. “They’re not websites&#8201 .&#8201 .&#8201 .&#8201 they’re people who use the technology to connect. So you have to do something that is authentic, and offer something to make them want to use it. You are tapping in to what people do naturally.”
Yet the raw skills are not all that I am searching for. I need an MBA from an institution that will not only improve my understanding of general business skills but also enhance my knowledge of the international business environment.
It’s part of a cultural shift. Under lockdown many of us have become homely in our clothes and habits: baking, tending to our herbs and singing to them at night (no, just me?).
The move comes despite an attempt by the obama administration to defuse the row over US surveillance activities, which is threatening to overshadow talks on a EU-US trade deal next week.
I started to travel, putting on exhibitions and showing my film at festivals. I organised the first festival of Russian underground culture in Finland, which included work by Aleksandr Rodchenko and other avant-garde Russian artists. In 1989, I met the American artist Donald Judd and organised an exhibition of his work in Moscow.
Takuji Aida, economist at Barclays Capital, said: “An 18 per cent increase is very strong and does not justify a zero interest rate policy.”
us president donald trump said on Tuesday that north korea would be “met with fire and fury like the world has never seen”, escalating his rhetoric against the nuclear aspirant following fresh reports about its galloping missile programme.
To that end, Mr Beltratti, who is also a professor at Milan’s Bocconi University and has a PhD from Yale, dreamt up the Savings Museum in Turin. The five rooms filled with videos, texts, movie clips and custom-built video games opened in May in a former branch of Intesa Sanpaolo.
Asset-backed securities still suffer an image hangover in the west from the days of the 2008 financial crisis. But China’s issuance of the financial products is soaring this year as Beijing places a big bet on securitisation as a salve for its huge credit risks. Though only a few years old, the Chinese debt securitisation market — in which pools of debt like mortgages, auto loans and credit-card loans are repackaged and sold to investors — is growing like topsy. Issuance of securitised assets rose 61 per cent in the first half of this year and could climb to $170bn for the full year, according to research by Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mr Su meanwhile said rumours that his own company, privately held TMT, was facing financial difficulties were “a joke”. Many dry bulk companies are being squeezed between the low short-term rates on offer to move cargoes and the high rates they pay to charter some vessels long-term from other owners.
In his first comments on the spying incident since the allegations emerged in December, Joaquín Almunia said he was “surprised” to have been targeted and even more angered by the lack of official response.
Part of its ascent is due to MSCI’s decision to start including mainland Chinese-listed stocks, known as A-shares, in the index, alongside those listed in hong kong and New York-listed companies such as Baidu, NetEase and Alibaba. But even after the completion of the process of adding Shanghai and Shenzhen-listed A shares late last year, these stocks still only accounted for a little over a 10th of China’s weighting.
SEC interest in Hudson Mezzanine Funding, a $2bn collaterised debt obligation, comes amid settlement talks with Goldman over accusations that the bank defrauded investors in Abacus, a similar CDO. Goldman has denied the SEC's complaint.
The onshore rate, which is used for the much larger pool of the currency traded in mainland China, has weakened 6.5 per cent this year amid a rumbling trade war and concerns over the country’s slowing growth.
Shakespeare’s Globe should be buzzing right now. The weather in London is glorious: under normal circumstances, this unique replica Elizabethan playhouse would be in full swing, the open-air yard packed with crowds beneath the night sky. Instead, like all our theatres, it lies silent. More distressing still is the recent disclosure that it might stay so.
In Bizarro World, everything is inverted. The planet is a cube rather than a sphere  the sun is blue rather than yellow  its inhabitants strive for imperfection rather than perfection. The world is named after Bizarro, an inverted version of Superman who was created in a lab accident and wears a backwards “S” on his chest.
In an initially angry response, Mr Woodford said the decision by Link Fund Solutions was “one I cannot accept, nor believe is in the long-term interests [of investors]”.
However, he cautioned that the company still had to wait for approval from the Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, and the Communist party's propaganda department.
east asia is continuing to show some of the world’s most spectacular growth in research and development expenditure, a comprehensive scoreboard of top R&D spenders reveals today.
news corp has suddenly been thrust into its most testing period since its debt crisis in the recession of 1990, which almost led to banks wresting control from the Murdoch family. This time, the balance sheet is in good order but mr murdoch faces a crisis of credibility.
The quarterly data has fuelled concerns China might be at risk of overheating, although policymakers so far appear to be relatively relaxed about the economy's prospects.
Teresa Tinsley, assistant director of the National Centre for Languages, said that although the number of people taking A-levels and GCSEs in the subject had steadily increased, the overall number still remained tiny.
The mega buy-out funds, such as Blackstone, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, TPG, Permira, and Bain Capital, are blamed by investors for over-leveraging deals to buy blue-chip companies, many of which are expected to be hard hit by the financial and economic crisis. Now, many cash-strapped investors are either stopping new investments in private equity, or looking for smaller, local buy-out funds that specialise in acquiring little-known companies and helping them grow.
Yet the group of people who are actually qualified to manage such funds is relatively limited. According to one industry executive, only around 300 people have passed all the necessary regulatory clearances. Moreover, some of the most talented people in the industry have been lured away to manage hedge funds, which can take larger risks and win them higher rewards.
He predicted that the next generation in China may adopt the post-modern Western habit of putting play before work – and he made clear where he thought that would land them. But now there are signs his nightmare is beginning to come true: elementary schools in one Shanghai district, which starts a new academic year this week, will abolish homework on Wednesdays.
Steve Jones is not your average business school dean. Before becoming the top dog at the the University of North Carolina's Kenan-Flagler school, he was not an academic, but a chief executive. And he did not work in the US, but in Australia and New Zealand.
The us president can be as withering as any about Donald Trump’s outrageousness. But it is like shooting fish in a barrel. Ridiculing mr trump only reinforces his support. The more ignorant — and prejudiced — mr trump is shown to be, the more his supporters enjoy raising their middle finger. The goal must be to separate mr trump from his fans. The first is a huckster of epic proportions. The second are America’s left behind demographic. More than half lack a college degree and feel deep economic insecurity. Rightly, or not, they also feel mocked. It is no use kicking a section of society when it is down and expecting it to see the light. The tone needs to change. mr obama could set the lead on that.
The optimism about the global economy that has buoyed equities, credit and commodities over the past few weeks was dented on Wednesday by a weak set of US retail sales figures.
In India, Tata Motors lost nearly a sixth of its market capitalisation a day after its UK subsidiary JLR announced a two-week shutdown at its largest factory because of weak demand.
Nursultan Nazarbayev said he would step down as president of Kazakhstan, the oil-rich central asian country he has ruled for three decades, while holding on to control of the ruling party and powerful government bodies.
Investors face the prospect of much steeper losses on the debts of distressed companies in the credit crunch than in previous downturns.
Low-level exchange rate hostilities with occasional flashpoints have dominated what have become known over the past 18 months as the international “currency wars”. With hot money seeking a safe home, countries can find themselves confronted with a wall of capital and scrambling for tools to prevent their currency appreciating in a way that disrupts local economies.
“We are allowing the idea to take hold that hundreds of millions of vaccines are being given in rich countries and that we are not starting in poor countries,” he said ahead of a G7 meeting by video link on Friday of the leaders of the world’s biggest economies called by uk prime minister boris Johnson.
Mining analyst Fiona Perrott-Humphrey says that the big western mining companies are waking up to the new dynamics of their industry and being less complacent. “The big guys have finally realised that the landscape has changed. Firstly, this is not a normal cycle. And secondly, there are interlopers and competitors for assets out there that don't have the same view of cycles. These competitors are suddenly empowered and confident about buying mining assets.”
George Canning, the 19th-century British statesman, famously called the New World into existence “to redress the balance of the old”. David Cameron, UK prime minister, no doubt had similar hopes when he asked barack obama to visit the country this week barely two months before its Brexit referendum. Who better than a us president to refute the Brexiteer dream of replacing Britain’s continental ties with an anglospheric world? Who better than mr obama to deflate the feverish ambitions of Boris Johnson, MP and mayor of London?
mr trump has broken the rhythm of history. We expect threats to the established order to come from rising powers. China is no different, though it has become very big, very fast. The assault on the postwar Pax Americana, however, has been led by, well, America. When Europeans fret about another war breaking out they have usually been looking at Mr Trump’s Twitter account.
Just as Sherlock Holmes observed in The Adventure of Silver Blaze, the most significant thing can be an absence — in the story, it was the dog that did not bark in the night-time. In the case of the US and UK governments’ efforts to tighten surveillance of internet users, the missing element is a ban on unbreakable encryption.
On the 20th March the airline reported that annual earnings rose 11.7 per cent to Rmb2.6bn, largely because of a gain of Rmb1.6bn when it sold its stake in Dragonair to strongbCathay Pacific/strong. It also benefited from robust passenger growth and the strength of the renminbi.
Chinese film and television companies fell on Monday after tax authorities said they would investigate reports that people in the entertainment industry were signing contracts that masked the size of payments to avoid tax.
The Sino-US company and owner of North America's biggest meat exporter Smithfield Foods, will now sell shares at $HK6.20, far below its previous target of at least HK$8 per share, according to people familiar with the process.
“The world is shutting down,” said Patrick Berglund, chief executive of Xeneta, an Oslo-based provider of data on container shipping rates. “We are super worried about what is happening. What is different [from previous shocks to global trade] is that usually it’s just a corridor or two. Now it’s worldwide. Everyone is panicking.”
Mr Gurría said he believed the current slowdown would last at least until the end of this year, with metal and food prices potentially starting to fall from record highs but oil remaining in the region of $135-$150 a barrel because of “structural imbalances”.
Things do not have to be this way in the Anglo-American economies. Policies to increase home ownership do not necessarily improve the supply or distribution of housing, as the UK experience demonstrates, and often works against it. The OECD’s Better Life Index shows that no relationship exists between a country’s home-ownership levels and its average housing satisfaction and quality. And there is no iron law that higher-income economies must have higher rates of home ownership: Mexico, Nepal and Russia all have home-ownership rates of more than 80 per cent, while the French, German and Japanese rates are 30-40 percentage points lower. The US and the UK rates sit between them at about 65 to 70 per cent.
“We think we hit a bottom during the October to December quarter. But the biggest problem is that we just cannot foresee the timing of a recovery,” said Yoshiharu Inaba, chief executive of industrial robot maker Fanuc, which lowered its guidance following a 42 per cent fall in quarterly operating profit.
Although full-year sales and profits dropped, the second-half performance was far better than the first.
China Mobile’s move into emerging markets in central and Eastern Europe, as well as the Middle East, could pit it against western operators such as Vodafone and Telef&oacute nica. Vodafone owns a 3.3 per cent stake in China Mobile.
Friday’s announcement also marks the latest sign that the new us president is adopting a less confrontational approach with Beijing than he promised during last year’s election campaign. He threatened then to impose punitive tariffs on chinese goods and label China a currency manipulator.
global business executives remain cautiously optimistic that the world economy will improve in the months ahead, according to the FT/Economist global business Barometer survey.
The focus now is on graduates who are skilled in analytics. “It’s being able to take the numbers and create a story and communicate that story,” says Ms Rawson. The games companies are not alone in valuing the combination of analytics and communications, says Julie Morton, associate dean for career services at Chicago Booth and one of the schools where EA recruits. “I think of it as critical thinking rather than numbers per se.”
However, China's imports have since slowed sharply, dashing hopes that it could act as an economic motor helping to drive the world economy towards recovery. us imports have been declining and Japan is likely to see overall negative import growth this year.
Take Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo, the newish boss of Nokia. His name is interesting but there, alas, it ends. He selects humility as his key virtue and observes: “If CEOs aren't committed to their jobs 101 per cent they will not make it.” The only controversial thing here is the number. Some might think 101 on the low side and plump for, say, 120 per cent, as my colleague Martin Lukes so often does. Others (like me) are numerical sticklers and regard 100 per cent as a logical ceiling, one impossible to reach in practice even by the most committed.
UBS has initiated an aggressive drive in the US to revive its investment banking operation, in an effort to halt its slide down the advisory league tables for mergers and acquisitions.
But gaming executives and experts on electronic commerce say the effort should also be seen as part of a battle by various countries to restrict what happens in cyberspace. While China and Iran, for instance, try to weed out political and sexual content, other countries worry about defamation and invasion of privacy and the US fights gambling, spam e-mail and identity theft through “phishing”.
donald trump and vladimir putin will meet in Paris next month on the sidelines of an international event, Mr Trump’s national security adviser said yesterday, in the first bilateral talks between the two presidents since their Helsinki summit in July.
He says this has worked particularly well in specialised equity areas, such as emerging markets, small cap and Japan –b /bthe company’s flagship products. “We focus resources on the areas where we have most chance of adding value,” says Mr Danielsson. “There is less alpha that active managers can capture in highly developed and efficient markets.” In Japan, there isb /ban element of consensus in theb research and decision-making that active managers can exploit,/b he says.( 译稿：在研究和决策积极资产管理公司能够开发的产品方面，)
In a written response to questions from senators, Mr Geithner, whose nomination was supported yesterday by a clear majority of the Senate's finance committee, said: “President Obama – backed by the conclusions of a broad range of economists – believes that China is manipulating its currency.” mr obama would “use aggressively all the diplomatic avenues open to him to seek change in China's currency practices”, he said.
George W. Bush yesterday acknowledged that the US was vulnerable to cyber- attack and said he might raise the issue with chinese president hu jintao when they meet in Sydney today.
Productivity is not everything, but in the long run it is almost everything. This truth, enunciated by the nobel laureate Paul Krugman, has just bitten George Osborne, the UK chancellor. But the prospects for productivity are not important just to Mr Osborne. They are the most important uncertainty affecting the economic prospects of the British people. Is it reasonable to expect a return to buoyant pre-crisis productivity growth? Will productivity continue to stagnate? Or will it end up somewhere in between?
“It is primarily motivated by cash flow issues that we knew we would have because we are a new school starting with nothing, so we don't really have much revenue,” Prof Vanhonacker says.
Funds targeting the region raised $11bn (£6.8bn, €8.3bn) of fresh investment in the first half of 2010, up from $9bn in the same period last year, according to the emerging markets private equity Association.
Cities, towns and counties considered low-risk will draw up lists of approved companies, but cinemas, internet cafes, karaoke parlours and other consumer-facing businesses cannot open until the epidemic has been eliminated.
The european union yesterday warned China that its failure to dismantle market barriers and tackle intellectual property violations risked undermining the booming trade between the two regions.
In September, Lex opined that “warnings of a banking crisis by bearish westerners are overdone”. We were right: predictions of a non-performing loans (NPL) disaster in China's banking sector have not yet materialised.  They are not likely to next year, either.
Theresa May’s Europe speech in the splendour of Lancaster House, central London, today is her most significant attempt yet to define Brexit  there may not be a better definition before March, when she triggers Article 50 and starts the exit process.
That is true even if a bank is run in compliance with laws and regulations. Being led by a single person who is hard to challenge is a recipe for a financial institution slipping into unrestrained risk-taking. The opposite approach can be seen at Goldman Sachs, which is the most consensually run of investment banks (or whatever one calls them now). Goldman's partnership culture helped to restrain it from risking its balance sheet in the era of subprime mortgage lending.
First-quarter eurozone gross domestic product data on Wednesday will give an indication of the strength of the member countries' economies.
But there are also ample opportunities for business. The first issue to address if you want to reduce water use is how much you currently use, so organisations that provide metering systems, such as Itron of the US and Techem of Germany, are well placed.
Canberra last month flagged a tougher regulatory regime for investments made by sovereign wealth funds that could be deemed against the “national interest”.
It’s tempting to obsess about the tone of politics, but that is a trap. If we spend our time wringing our hands over the form of the political conversation, it leaves little space to think about the content.
Audience size clearly matters to Sachs. His website says he is "widely considered to be the leading international economic adviser of his generation", and his mission is to solve the problems of poverty, disease, global warming and globalisation. Although his current views are highly controversial, he knows that the bigger the audience, the bigger the impact.
hong kong is constrained in the monetary tools it has available to tackle inflation since the hong kong dollar’s peg to the us currency leaves it subject to the interest rate whims of the Federal Reserve.
Last November, the Nasdaq-listed company became the first Chinese borrower to sell bonds exclusively to traditional US credit investors when it raised $1.5bn of dollar debt.
It makes no sense to ask which was right, since current economic growth has little impact on the long-run stream of future profits on which today’s share prices should depend. Even future growth is only tangentially related to shares, as profits per share — vital to prices — depend on many other factors than gross domestic profit.
Both have been hit by softening demand in the US, western europe and Japan, which still make up more than half of global light-vehicle sales. The us market contracted by 13 per cent in June compared with a year earlier. Sales in Japan are at their lowest levels in a quarter of a century.
Only BP of the UK and China's CNPC were willing to agree to Baghdad's tough terms, allowing them to win a bid to turn the country's Rumaila field into the world's second largest oil producer.
The General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine said that the airbags were made by Takata, the Japanese automotive supplier at the centre of a global recall of exploding airbags. The recall will begin in March 2018.
So officials decided to lop the top off the surrounding hills and build a 13.4 sq km industrial park focused on fuel cells — a rival technology to internal combustion engines and electric batteries.
China’s CSI 300 index of major Shanghai- and Shenzhen-listed stocks on Monday tumbled as much as 6.1 per cent before pulling back to be down 5.5 per cent, putting the benchmark on track for its worst day since February 2016. S&P 500 futures fell as much as 2.1 per cent while in Europe futures tipped Frankfurt’s Xtera Dax index to drop 1.5 per cent at the open.
Eldridge Industries said it had agreed to enter into exclusive talks with Wanda Culture Industry — a unit of Wang Jianlin’s Wanda group — with the “goal of finalising a mutually satisfactory transaction” for Dick Clark Productions.
Kim Jong Il, North Korea's leader, has life-threatening pancreatic cancer, a news report said yesterday, days after fresh images of him looking gaunt spurred speculation that his health was worsening following a reported stroke last year. Mr Kim, 67, was diagnosed at about the time he was felled by the stroke last summer, Seoul's YTN television reported, citing unidentified intelligence officials in south korea and China who had said the disease was &ldquo threatening&rdquo  Mr Kim's life.
It was a moment that almost did not arrive. Until this week it had looked as if he was fated to be one of the nearly men of US public life: a highly-rated figure who never secured the top position his talent suggested. Although he had coveted the role,he was passed over as World bank chief in favour of Paul Wolfowitz, after Dick Cheney, vice- president, intervened in 2005 to give it to his iraq war ally. He dutifully accepted the B-prize, as number two at the State department. But after he ran second to Hank Paulson for the job of us treasury secretary in 2006, he jumped ship to Goldman Sachs.
Wine glasses, like wines, go in and out of fashion. But whether you prefer the newest trend in stemless tumblers or the voluminous style of the 1990s, one thing has marked their evolution. Over time, wine glasses have increased in size.
That in turn is more than 2.5 times the goods sold on last year’s Cyber Monday, the first-Monday-after-Thanksgiving online shopping bonanza in the US.
Here is where the story changes – not only for Shlomo but for everyone who knew him. It turns out that about 20 years earlier, among his many other business efforts, Shlomo had set up a currency brokerage firm with several others. Investors would give them money to buy and sell currencies.
That’s it for another year. Monday’s award of the Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel to Thomas Sargent and Christopher Sims brings to an end the 2011 Nobel season. But is there room for one more: a nobel prize for management?
This isn’t simply a sequence of accidents. Rather, it’s a catalogue of the issues from climate to real estate now besetting every big, globalised, rich city. London, New York, Berlin and san francisco are all living through some ­version of this. But only Paris is remaking itself for the future. It’s even building a whole new Paris: 68 metro stations surrounded by housing are now going up in the city’s suburbs.
The five-month siege saw more than 1,000 people killed, including dozens of civilians, and more than 350,000 people displaced.
“When you look at the structure of the Chinese aluminium industry, it is not a very competitive industry. It’s very expensive and it’s not particularly clean,” Mr Kleinfeld says. “What you’re seeing here is an industry structure that doesn’t really quite fit. It is very energy-intense and energy is probably the thing that China has least.” China’s relative weakness could create opportunities for Alcoa, Mr Kleinfeld says at the company’s modest new york offices – the largest corporate centre is in Pittsburgh.
But the market subsequently fell 36 per cent as the anticipated wave of foreign money failed to materialise, due in part to obstacles confronting foreign investors in obtaining trading codes. It has begun to recover, however, rising 11 per cent last week, partly amid renewed hopes of foreign fund inflows.
China’s anti-corruption campaign is creating ripples in Macau, with Wynn Resorts reporting that revenues fell in the third quarter because of a big drop in the number of high-rollers visiting casinos in the Chinese territory.
chinese officials knew for weeks about sales of chemical-tainted milk powder that has killed two babies and made 1,253 ill, but did not act until Wellington pressed Beijing, New Zealand's prime minister said on Monday.
Laurence Kemball-Cook’s path into the world of clean energy and “smart” cities began with a walk through Victoria railway station in London during rush hour.
Outside the spectacular setting of Beihai Park, other restaurants combine modern design with a magical evocation of old Beijing. Foremost among them is Tian Di Yi Jia, which occupies a grand old courtyard house in a lane just east of the Forbidden City. Arrive at dusk, having walked through the nearby ihutongs/i, and you can forget the maelstrom of development that has swallowed up most of the old city.
A shadow banking crisis in China is not an outlandish fear. The country has already been dealing with one for the past year.
While New York, London, Milan and Paris have been hosting (or are about to host) the autumn/winter 2013 womenswear shows, fragrance counters everywhere are unveiling their candidates for spring/summer. And while “summer” and “celebrity” have been the dominant trends of the 200-plus perfume launches that happen annually, this time two identifiable olfactory themes stand out: oud (a rich scent from the resin of the Agar tree) and nude.
Iran has warned saudi arabia and other members of the Opec cartel not to increase their oil production to make up any shortfall created by western sanctions against Tehran.
Some analysts speculated that the Fed could announce a back-to-back loan to the embattled insurer AIG via a third party bank, such as jp morgan Chase, as a partial substitute for a rate cut in terms of calming market fear of sudden asset sales by the troubled insurance group.
That came as a surprise to officials in Hong Kong, who had been lobbying for chinese investors to be allowed to invest in a wide variety of overseas assets, making the territory as much a conduit as a destination.
“Women are rewarded by a significantly lower bonus when the company is doing well,” the study said, “but they are also punished less than men when company performance is poor.”
The UK markets watchdog has launched a preliminary investigation into the foreign exchange market after receiving complaints alleging that banks traded ahead of customer orders and attempted to manipulate benchmarks.
Equally, no reasonable person can doubt that the tax system must be used to soften inequality. Some inequality is good: it is a spur to enterprise and effort. But too much is clearly bad: it punctures meritocracy. As gaps in wealth and income have widened, it has become steadily harder for talented poor kids to compete against lavishly tutored rich kids armed with iPhones full of contacts. This is politically corrosive, morally unjust, and a shocking waste of human capital.
The federal reserve held interest rates steady but shifted towards a more dovish stance and pointed to possible interest rate cuts in the future, citing rising “uncertainties” about the economic outlook.
I agree with Mr Vinje that the fact that Mr Ozzie says Microsoft is going to do something does not prove that it actually will. But I differ on why. I do not think that Mr Ozzie and his allies are pulling another fake. I believe they want to alter its culture and modus operandi. The question is whether they have the power.
After mr trump announced that a tentative agreement had been secured in early October, US and chinese officials have been haggling over the details, including where a deal would be signed and whether Washington would roll back existing levies as part of such a settlement.
But yesterday the Citic brokerage office in downtown Shanghai, a ramshackle, two-storey building that stood largely empty this time last year, was bulging with aspiring Warren Buffetts, and cautious confidence rather than panic remained the dominant mood.
Sebastien Lieblich, global head of equity solutions at MSCI, said in a statement that investors were “free to choose which indices to use and for what purposes, based on what best suits their investment expectations, objectives and constraints,” and that MSCI did not advise its clients on which index they should adopt, or make recommendations to invest in any vehicles tracking its indices.
“Home is where your memories are. You belong in that space,” says Chiara Nath, who was married at her parents' home in New Delhi this spring. “The significance of every moment you spent at home before you leave becomes really poignant.”
Sherrod Brown, a Democratic senator from Ohio and leading light of the self-styled “fair traders” on Capitol Hill, says that opinion has been shifting away from untrammelled free trade for some time. “With each election, the Democrats coming into Congress have a much clearer sense of how American workers have suffered from the downside of globalisation,” he says.
There is much guesswork involved in futurology, and studies like HSBC’s are invariably rosier the further out they look. The real worth of predictions is not whether they are accurate – who knows? – but whether they are interesting. The conclusions seem at least plausible. Economic governance and monetary stability are improving across emerging markets, while demographics and trends in education and health are working in their favour. These are the key drivers of economic growth.
“Blaming these misdeeds on China is unacceptable,” said Hong Lei, a foreign ministry spokesman, at the ministry’s regular press conference.
If your political priority were to make your nation more welcoming to talented young immigrants, and if you then backed politicians for urging “border security on steroids” (as one newspaper put it), people might think you either cynical or confused. That is why billionaire Facebook founder mark zuckerberg has found himself the object of protest in recent weeks, and some users have even urged boycotting his social network.
Geekay is based in a small workshop crammed with injection moulding machines. While most of them sport impressive brand names, almost all were bought second-hand and look slightly the worse for wear, in spite of the attention of Mr Kannan, the company's founder.
At least 2,000 Amazon warehouse workers in Germany have gone on strike over safety concerns relating to coronavirus, as the company announced it would hand out $500m in “special one-time Thank You” bonuses to its frontline employees globally.
PowerShare’s technology helps drivers locate charge points and pay for the supply while monitoring local power distribution so utilities can avoid overloading any part of the system by diverting consumers to less busy points.
chinese president xi jinping pledged on Tuesday to
Still, there are signs that margin pressure is growing for Baidu. The fact that the search giant is tapping China’s smaller cities to support much of its customer growth translates into smaller advertising budgets. Ad spend per customer picked up by a third from a year earlier last quarter, but this was the lowest growth since the start of 2010.
However, Paris was more cautious, saying it was seeking “clarifications” on what the pact entailed and that European standards on food and the environment must be safeguarded.
British and Chinese motor industry co-operation — best known for Shanghai Auto’s ownership of the Longbridge plant in Birmingham — will advance this week to include projects from red London buses to Aston Martin sports cars, but with a common thread: electric power.
“The goal is to enable Google users to be able to ask the question such as ‘What shall I do tomorrow?' and ‘What job shall I take?' ”
mr putin said that Moscow would look instead at developing a gas hub to southern Europe via Turkey, the subject of a memorandum of understanding signed by the two countries on Monday.
He adds that the only way Acer could squeeze into the us market after years of failures with net margins close to zero, is a fact that has dragged down Acer's overall performance.
Evidence has mounted of a deepening slowdown in the UK and faltering momentum in the eurozone, while Japan is weak and could even declare a technical recession. us growth could be lower in the second half than the first. Yet everywhere inflation is above its declared or implicit target, and likely to remain there for some time.
China’s leaders are looking to the internet to offset sagging economic growth.
“I think most would agree that the remainder of 2008 will be tough for both the financial services industry and financial services recruitment.”
The long-running crisis over Iran’s nuclear programme has met its moment of truth. This is the year when war or peace will break out – or so at least a remarkable global consensus seems to suggest.
China's stock market mania has reached the dowdy, two-room offices of the Tiancheng pawnshop in central Shanghai. At first sight the trade seems mundane: there are a few dusty cameras in a display cabinet and a middle-aged woman, talking loudly on a mobile phone, is pawning a necklace with a gold-plated heart.
A jump in US venture capital investment by big companies in the first half of 2007 marks a return to the kind of speculative investing in start-ups that led many to grief during the dotcom bubble.
The us government believes North Korea, where the film has sparked outrage, was behind the Sony hacking that leaked vast amounts of employees’ personal data and emails of senior Sony Pictures executives. north korea has responded to the accusation by threatening attacks on the US.
China Mobile will offer free 3G mobiles to 20,000 selected customers and free air time worth Rmb800 per month.
Li & Fung says the worst is behind it after first-half profits dropped 70 per cent, although its full-year outlook is clouded by poor visibility on shipments in the US and the slowdown in China, where it has been building up its distribution business, writes Paul J Davies.
China’s top-selling smartphone maker Xiaomi has raised $1.1bn in a venture capital funding round valuing it at $45bn, in a big vote of confidence in the fast-growing company.
The global “currency war” is still going strong after the weekend IMF meeting ended in stalemate, with China pushing back hard against US pressure to appreciate more rapidly. Yet amid all the bickering, there was one interesting development on the Chinese side.
The Russia problem is not new. It emerged 200 years ago, at the end of the Napoleonic period, with the opening up of what we would today call a values gap. In the 19th century Russia maintained an autocratic regime as Europe moved towards liberal democracy.
China has announced a small cut in the retail price of petrol and jet fuel in response to pressure from domestic consumers for the government to pass on the benefits of the recent weakening in global oilmarkets.
Yet these great deals come at the expense of our jobs and wages, and widening inequality. The goods we want or the returns we seek can often be produced more efficiently elsewhere by companies offering lower pay and fewer benefits. They come at the expense of main streets, the hubs of our communities.
Anheuser's move to turn Harbin beer from a regional brand into a national one reflected intensifying competition that meant Tsingtao was likely to “require higher marketing spending to simply defend market share, let alone grow it”, the XFN news agency quoted merrill lynch as saying.
What does this theory imply for the future? If the business cycle is driven by waves of optimism and pessimism, it is much less clear that the slowdown of the us economy is a short-term phenomenon to be corrected soon, or that the eurozone recovery will quickly peter out and turn back into lethargy. It is not inconceivable that the us economy gets stuck for a while in a “pessimistic equilibrium” while the opposite occurs in the eurozone. The latter may enjoy staying in an “optimistic equilibrium” for a while.
With investment activity slowing, monetary conditions still restrictive, and the autumn harvest looking strong, analysts have forecast that inflation will continue to edge lower well into next year.
What did your school report say about you and how did it affect your career? Tell us in the comments below
But at China’s largest annual industry show held in Shanghai, some executives were cautiously predicting a pick-up in sales this year, while promising a slew of new vehicles to seize market share from their rivals.
Mr Plackett, a former international bridge player, is bscathing/b of the popular view that poker skills are paramount for fund managers, particularly hedge fund managers (whose ranks he recently joined).b从上下文看， “痛斥”的说法似乎不妥。/b
The event came to be known as the Blaine invasion and was of some significance at the time. Reports went around the world and we actually got a message from the National Liberation Front of Vietnam praising us. Several individuals, including me, were singled out in the Canadian parliament as being the most dangerous people ever produced by Canada, which came as quite a shock to my parents.
Several EM currencies fell to record lows or levels last seen during the asian financial crisis of 1998 as investors rotated out of the sector into US assets, including stock markets, which traded around record highs into yesterday’s Thanksgiving holiday.
China is the world's largest producer and consumer of the traditional fuel, mining about 2.38bn tonnes in 2006, about double that of the US, the second highest producer. Exports have been declining since reaching a high of 70m tonnes in 2003, and are now being outpaced by imports, mainly from Indonesia and Australia.
Ms Tejada doesn’t talk much about tech. A marketer by training who plotted a course through general management, she seems most animated when discussing businesses with a close connection to users — whatever the industry. “You can build fabulous technology but at the end of the day, in enterprise software, people still buy software from people,” she says.
Pride of place above George Osborne’s new desk at the Evening Standard is a front page from his first day as editor. “Brussels twists the knife”, the paper’s headline declares, reflecting Theresa May’s turmoil over the UK’s Brexit negotiations with the EU.
hong kong alone is on track to eclipse the US, raising $27.2bn in IPOs this year, compared with $26.5bn in the US. Mainland exchanges raised $24.4bn, according to Dealogic.
In May, speculation about Mr Kim's health abounded following reports that he underwent heart surgery by a German medical team, prompting the south korean press to devote extensive coverage to the despot's waistline and skin tone.
The signal comes amid signs of rising unhappiness by shareholders at a range of other Japanese companies, including TOC, the building leasing firm, Ono Pharmaceutical and J-Power.
"We are in a period now when it is far more difficult than it was when I was chairman," mr greenspan says. "We were not worried about inflationary resurgence but now you have to be." He adds: "You have got to be a lot more careful in lowering rates in response to crises."
China Southern fund management received more than Rmb50bn (&#8364 5bn, &pound 3bn, $7bn) in subscriptions in just one day in early September for its Southern Global Enhanced Balanced Fund, the first Chinese mutual fund allowed to invest in overseas equities. That was followed at the end of September by China AMC's Enhanced global equity Fund, which attracted more than Rmb60bn.
Companies producing everything from Maotai to Mercedes have been big beneficiaries of the strong economic growth that put more money in everyone’s pockets. Hence the giant share-price rallies for companies such as Beijing-based GigaDevice Semiconductor, a chipmaker that ranks among the top handful of performers on the Chinese market, up almost 900 per cent over the past five years.
“China recognises that even if it takes a very tough approach on individual EU countries, it will not lead to overall deterioration of its relations with the EU community,” said Jin Linbo, senior fellow at the China Institute of International Studies.
But that share is set to increase as scientists returning from overseas launch start-ups and domestic companies spend more on R&D, with about 800 new molecules currently under development in China — up from 240 in 2012 — about 80 of which are in phase III clinical trials, according to consultancy McKinsey.
As families grieve and demand answers beyond the official explanation that lightning caused the crash, there are many in the railway industry who are quietly shaking their heads and whispering that they saw this coming.
The executive raised questions over commissions paid to Mr Bakir on at least four cash equities trades for Mr Kerviel. But he uncovered nothing conclusive and the inquiry was not accelerated as he prepared for Fimat's merger with Calyon Financial that created Newedge, as the company is now known.
Roughly three-quarters of the 43 experts surveyed said the Fed would raise rates by 75 basis points this year, a capitulation from months earlier when economists and markets said policymaker projections were too optimistic.
So interesting questions will probably go unanswered. Should the IMF leadership go to an economist (Messrs Carstens and Fischer have doctorates from the University of Chicago and the massachusetts institute of Technology respectively), or a lawyer? And is prior service in the IMF, and dealing with the gritty realities of emerging markets crises a necessity?
Others have also felt the pain. search engine Baidu is down more than 10 per cent and Sohu is off a quarter, while online video site Youku Tudou has lost almost a third.
Clichés are often true, and at the moment this one is apt: the Chinese word for crisis also implies opportunity. On Friday, Hong Kong- and China-listed property developer China Vanke announced first-half results. Revenues rose one quarter — mostly on volume growth  average prices were down just shy of 3 per cent.
InterTrust Funds started to see the impact of the trade war on China-focused funds and China-based funds investing abroad in December. The number of private equity and venture capital fund launches handled by the group has halved every month since then, from an average of about 10 per month last year to about two or three now, said James Donnan, managing director of InterTrust’s hong kong office.
The fund said that even with a package of other reforms including liberalisation of the financial sector and encouragement of household consumption and imports, the shift in the currency would increase us growth by less than 0.15 percentage points and improve the us current account deficit by between 0.02 and 0.25 percentage points.
“This is clearly a big issue for Asia,” said Marcello Bianchi, who chairs the OECD's steering group on corporate governance. “Of course it can be a problem all over the world, but it is more relevant when you have so many controlling shareholders who use instruments such as pyramidal structures or a dual class of shares to ensure very strong control with low ownership.”
Meeting in India yesterday, the heads of state from Brazil, Russia, India, China and south africa expressed their frustration at the slow pace of reform at the Washington-based multilateral lender, historically dominated by Europe and the US. In a joint statement, the so-called Brics nations said that there was an urgent need to “better reflect economic weights” and to “enhance the voice and representation of emerging market and developing countries” at the IMF.
While the availability of a lower-cost work force has proved attractive, some managers say the hardest thing about being in Chengdu is recruitment — at 2.8 per cent last year, the unemployment rate is one of China’s lowest for a major city.
Stephen Elop, Nokia chief executive, said on Wednesday that with the flagship Lumia 800 handset, it had produced the “first real Windows phone” under the partnership with Microsoft struck this year. He has pinned his company’s hopes of recovery on the collaboration, aimed at producing a third mobile phone ecosystem to rival Android and Apple.
Call it the curse of high expectations. When barack obama took office, the world swooned, America exhaled and pundits declared an end to centuries of racial division. Gazing at the 1.5m people who braved the cold to witness Mr Obama’s inauguration, Steven Spielberg said it would have been impossible to stage for a movie. That was then. Today America’s first non-white president is winding down at the nation’s tensest moment of racial polarisation in decades. Thanks to Donald Trump, the Ku Klux Klan is back in the headlines. I doubt mr trump will succeed mr obama as president but he has injected poison into the bloodstream. For all Mr Obama’s hopes, fear is the dominant currency.
Her message to an audience in Munich was that the search engines that deliver news on websites such as Google and Facebook are creating distorting prisms. The closely guarded formulas, or algorithms, used by these companies to tailor the output to recorded personal preferences can create echo chambers. Citizens eventually may receive only the news that fits their prejudices — a gift to today’s populist proponents of post-truth politics. Healthy democracies depend on the wide exposure of conflicting ideas and interpretations.
According to the Edelman Trust Barometer, released on the first day of the conference, for example, 73 per cent worry about fake news being used as a weapon.
Why is it,” the radio presenter asked me, “that you have such a negative view of working women?”
A sign that investors have abandoned the idea of seeking bargains in stocks came on the 8 Oct after global central banks launched a co- ordinated interest rate cut.
Remember, among the many things that lay behind the financial crisis of 2008-9 was the banks’ urge to game the Basel capital adequacy regime.
The release came after a surprise visit to the Communist nation from Mr Clinton in the highest-level US contact with Pyongyang since he was president almost 10 years ago. He met mr kim on Tuesday on a mission that risks clouding Washington's policy of isolating Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programmes
The overhaul at Macquarie highlights how the credit crisis has dented the confidence of even one of the world’s biggest investors in infrastructure assets, with about A$100bn ($99bn) under management.
Take the headlines in China. senior officials are being prosecuted left and right for corruption in the greatest purge since the 1970s. Guokr took the opportunity to run a series of articles on corruption from the standpoint of evolutionary psychology. “We want to give people a place to go for scientific information on the issues of the day” says Mr Ji.
The plan for a cap-and-trade system ‎President xi jinping is due to unveil in Washington should see China create the world’s largest carbon market, dwarfing the EU’s 10-year-old emissions trading scheme.
The London School of Economics is combining what it believes is the best of the traditional masters degree with the best of an MBA by launching a 21-month masters in management programme for those with little or no work experience.
HTF, which sells equipment used to make solar panels, has reported net profit margins of more than 50 per cent. It is now worth three times as much as US thin-film solar-panel company First Solar, its largest competitor. In China, HTF is worth more than all other listed China solar companies combined.
“Also, as a result of some private equity firms making major investments in the mega-deal category, we expect to see additional mega-transactions as these firms look to exit these investments.
Three-fifths of profit comes from the global advisory franchise, where mr macron once plied his trade. It is already the sixth-biggest adviser by number of deals, but is conspicuously underweight in the US. Expanding there means competing with bulge-bracket rivals and boutiques on their own turf — challenging for a group that tends to hire individuals rather than expensively poaching whole teams.
Across factories in South China, millions of young Chinese spend their days churning out garments for consumers in Japan, South Korea, Europe and the US. For many of the workers, their most important piece of equipment — after the umbilical smartphone — is a sewing machine made by Juki.
At 43, mr cameron is the youngest british prime minister since Lord Liverpool held the post in 1812.
The Big Four global auditing firms have vowed to appeal a decision by a us securities and exchange commission judge to ban their Chinese joint ventures from working for any US-listed Chinese companies.
Google will allow its users to create characters and decorate virtual rooms with furniture for free – threatening to disrupt the established business model of charging for many virtual items.
“In terms of geographical areas, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, Russia, latin america and China are still doing well,” mr mittal said.
Pilot programmes have drawn on users’ social networks, purchasing behaviour and even time spent on the phone as proxies for creditworthiness, spurring American Civil Liberties Union policy analyst Jay Stanley to call the programme “nightmarish” and warn against its adoption in the US.
The WTO also found Airbus’s newest passenger jet, its popular A350 which competes head to head with Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, would never have flown without the “direct and indirect effects” of past EU subsidies.
Mr Lou's article had been seen by some observers as Beijing's riposte to complaints from officials in the US and Europe about alleged Chinese infiltration of government computer networks.
A few said they were priced out of the show altogether. The cost of exhibiting in Hall 1.0, the most important area, was as high as $5m for long-term leases, according to several sources last year.
Hutchison Telecommunications International (HTIL), which sold its Indian arm to Vodafone for $10.9bn in 2007, said it would pay shareholders a cash dividend of HK$33.7bn ($4.35bn), or HK$7 per share, next month.
AIG was rescued from bankruptcy in September by the us government and is selling assets to help pay back part of a $60bn loan and ease the burden of its $150bn federal bail-out.
A mixture of relief and concern greeted the decision in late January to keep an investment product distributed by China’s largest bank, ICBC, from defaulting.
Overall, its tone seems reasonable and represents a welcome retreat from unrealistic promises Syriza has made to its voters. Yet the cool response to the letter from the other two creditor institutions in what Greece no longer wants to call the “troika” — the international monetary fund and the european central bank — highlights how much trust has been damaged in the course of fractious negotiations.
Meanwhile, data on Germany's public finances released yesterday underlined the improvement in Germany's state finances under chancellor angela merkel while raising questions about its sustainability. The various levels of german government registered a &#8364 6.7bn ($9.8bn, &pound 5.3bn) surplus in the first half of the year, well above the &#8364 4.2bn in the same period last year.
Ford yesterday offered a rare ray of hope for a car industry in the doldrums by reporting that it had made a $1bn profit in the third quarter.
And so it came to pass. The emergency European summit in Paris over the weekend saw the 15 members of the European single currency area adopt bank rescue plans that look strikingly like the British initiative. British officials, who have often been told that in a big economic crisis they would be tugged along hopelessly in the wake of the eurozone, are enjoying their moment of vindication.
In spite of such potential difficulties, the committee can help improve the political atmosphere, says Gerald Curtis, Burgess professor of political science at Columbia University.
The Arab spring at the beginning of the year set the tone – with the fall of the Tunisian and Egyptian regimes, now followed by the ousting of muammer gaddafi in Libya and the insurrection in Syria.
A long-simmering row between Brussels and Washington over visas is set to break into the open on Tuesday when the european commission considers whether to force us citizens to apply for a visa before travelling to Europe.
But the Oracle of Omaha also has been a big help to dentists — and I would suggest that side of mr buffett merits consideration, too, as we take stock of the man who has made value investing a key canon of today’s capitalist creed.
Ms Reinhart, 64, will replace Penny Goldberg, the World Bank’s previous chief economist who left the post in March after just 15 months on the job to return to Yale University.
In his first big test on world trade since taking office in January, mr obama sided with America's trade unions, which have complained that a &ldquo surge&rdquo  in imports of Chinese-made tyres had caused 7,000 job losses among US factory workers.
Lenovo, the Chinese PC-maker, is looking to challenge Apple’s dominance of the tablet computer market with a family of devices designed to appeal to a broader audience than Apple’s single iPad model.
Malcolm Wood, Asia- Pacific equity strategist at Morgan Stanley in Hong Kong, said that given the poor state of investor confidence, any small piece of good news could lift shares in Shanghai.
He adds: “Japan thinks this is a very big chance to lead circumstances in north-east Asia. But, as time passes, the gaps will widen between China, south korea and Japan.”
Looking at the relationship of actual inflation to inflation expectations, the report finds that, while changes in expectations did help to forecast movements in the inflation trend, they no longer do. Instead, things are the other way round. That is, changes in actual inflation trigger movements in expectations. This is sobering, since it means that controlling expectations may not provide policymakers with the leverage they hoped to use in keeping future inflation low and stable.
In particular, business leaders have demanded that so-called sectorals, which will open up manufact- uring sectors to international competition, be agreed with the big emerging markets including India and China.
Corporations guard their assets jealously. The realities of competition mean that complacency about patents and copyright could be fatal. It is fine for artists to joke about plagiarism. business leaders rarely do.
Latest to go are Faith Massingale, head of Citi's international cards business, and Ashok Vaswani, former head of Asia Pacific. They follow Joyce Phillips, head of international retail banking, who last week joined American International Group.
The discussions at Apax are not believed to be linked to any plan for an initial public offering, as happened in the case of China's investment in Blackstone.
But he said “it is very important that we look carefully at whether they're going to be as effective in this context as they have been in some past cases”.
angela merkel reacted angrily yesterday to reports that the US had recruited a German as a double agent, with her justice minister threatening to launch criminal proceedings over the allegations.
It is a sentiment echoed not just around Germany, the supposed land of engineering, but across large parts of Europe. Manufacturing companies from Spain to Switzerland are finding it hard to recruit high-skilled employees domestically, a trend that could affect growth in the long term.
The street protests that have swept across much of Iran in recent days have gathered momentum in a way that is virtually unprecedented in the nearly four decades since the revolution that deposed the shah. The ensuing crackdown will probably work. But Iran’s leadership should heed the warning signs. Iranians are tiring of a regime that squanders resources on foreign adventures, instead of devoting them to development at home.
It said: “Not using real names may attract more users, but this also carries another kind of cost since blogging service providers are responsible for blog content, and any that contain illegal information will result in punishment.”
A falsely glowing report is not only pointless, it can be dangerous. When the useless employee suddenly gets fired, the flattering appraisal becomes a weapon to be used against the company in cases of unfair dismissal.
Indian authorities have attempted to censor a British film portraying the relationship of Jawaharlal Nehru, India's first prime minister, with the wife of the country's last colonial viceroy amid agonising that the movie could bring New Delhi's ruling dynasty into disrepute.
When Samsung told engineers in its flagship memory chip team that they were being moved to a division making processor chips, they often asked what they had done wrong, according to industry insiders.
First, regulation should be comprehensive. At the moment, there is a Rubik's cube of regulation for market practitioners, products and locations – some lightly regulated, some heavily regulated and many not at all. It is a more or less arbitrary set-up and out of kilter with the integrated nature of the world economy and financial markets.
Fear not: we can now “see the unseeable”, according to the astronomers who on Wednesday unveiled the first photograph of a black hole and its surroundings. It does, admittedly, look like a doughnut: a circle of blackness ringed by fuzzy, bright light. The image of the supermassive black hole, which is 6bn times more massive than our sun and lies 53m light years away in the Messier 87 galaxy, was captured in fragments by a global network of high-altitude land-based telescopes and then pieced together.
The volume of merger and acquisition activity worldwide surged 50 per cent to reach $2.78 trillion during the first six months of the year, despite growing concerns among companies about a turn in the credit markets and that the cycle has reached its peak.
A corollary of this has been the near-universal acceptance that indices can be studied over time to provide both broad and specific conclusions about what investors should do with their money. Robert Shiller, the Yale professor, won a nobel prize for his theory based on top-down valuation analysis of indices to judge future stock market returns.  Acolytes have taken his work and applied it in some form to professional money management. Modern finance is addicted to explaining the world through indices.
It is near gospel in the united states that whatever ails the american economy is due in part to the incessant flow of us foreign direct investment (FDI) to low-cost developing nations. In a “flat” world, not only is there scant hope for US manufacturers but also no future for white-collar service jobs. This gloomy consensus feeds a growing national paranoia about the rise of the developing nations.
Car fleets are expanding, says Paul Finnegan of Savills UK’s country division. In St George’s Hill and Wentworth, north Surrey’s dacha-mansion inhabitants typically have at least three vehicles: a sports car — most likely a Ferrari, Porsche or Aston Martin — a Bentley and one of the latest Range Rovers, together worth £500,000. In Los Angeles, that is abstinence. “Here it’s more like a watch collection: you will have several sports cars and several SUVs, driving out the one that fits your mood for the day,” says Rose.
Like many people who work long hours, I’d often dreamed of a simpler life in a warmer climate. Then, in 2001, the American company I was working for closed its European offices and I was out of a job. To me it seemed fate had given me and my husband the chance to pursue a dream.
Bizarrely – nay, presumptuously – it had primed them to expect rights issue pricing and its first-quarter IMS yesterday while still locked in solvency discussions with the FSA. Given the FSA's poor record on bank supervision prior to the financial crisis and the scale of Prudential's deal, its caution is understandable. Nor, as it ponders an uncertain future after the UK election, should it be railroaded by the frenetic timetable of Prudential's new empire builders. The issue is less existential for the FSA than it is for Prudential.
Last Thursday, Bangladeshi firefighters launched a surprise inspection of clothing factories across the country. The visit was prompted by the death of more than 110 workers in a fire at Tazreen Fashions, a maker of T-shirts and polo shirts for western retailers, last month.
In guiding the renminbi into its steepest dive since 2005 this week, Beijing was employing a strategy of “one arrow, two vultures”, as the saying goes.
The BBA is due to submit a report on Libor to an advisory committee on May 30, which will be used as the basis for a discussion about whether this index needs to be changed. Pressure has been rising to change the dollar Libor system because of concern the benchmark does not accurately reflect conditions in the American markets.
Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, AstraZeneca and Sanofi-Aventis were among those that confirmed they had been visited as part of a European Commission-led probe into delays in the launch of low-cost generic drugs. Teva, the world's biggest generics company, was also targeted.
“One of the reasons the US has been so strong is because we have always been cathartic and have purged ourselves. We have consolidation through failure,” says Larry Fink, the founder and head of BlackRock, one of the largest investors in the world with some $1,300bn under management. “In the past, when firms had losses of this magnitude, they would not have survived independently. But now we may not be taking out excess capacity.”
Food: International and mostly organic Monday-Thursday, American comfort food Fridays
China is experiencing an invasion of sea turtles, and Shanghai native Ray Zhang, above, is one of them. Named for the marine reptile that mates at sea and returns to land to nest, Chinese “sea turtles” are mainlanders who study overseas and come home to make money, a contribution to Chinese society, and the locals jealous.
Most of China’s ancient canon of 36 stratagems for use in politics, war and civil interaction depend on guile and deception to achieve their goals. But so far, the messages from US president-elect donald trump to China have had all the subtlety of a full-frontal diplomatic assault.
One heard similar themes in the other pivotal Senate races. In Virginia, apparent winner James Webb denounced outsourcing and blasted Republican George Allen for voting to allow more “foreign guest workers” into the state. In Missouri, victor Claire McCaskill refused to let incumbent Senator James Talent out-hawk her on immigration. “Unfair trade agreements have sent good American jobs packing, hurting Missouri workers and communities,” she said in one of her adverts. “We should be encouraging businesses to stay at home, not rewarding them for moving overseas.” In Michigan, vulnerable Democratic incumbent Deborah Stabenow survived while promising to set up a federal office to prosecute unfair trade by foreign governments.
The point of this exercise, executives told the wall street Journal last week, was that happy employees are more likely to do the right thing than unhappy ones. Financial regulators, who have recently been exercising themselves about the nasty culture of banks, will no doubt be impressed. And they will be even more so when they see how this ratio is moving at the san francisco bank. Only five years ago happy bankers (measured by their own assessment) outnumbered the grumpy ones by 3.8 to 1  by last year there were eight times as many Pollyannas at wells fargo as there were miserable sods.
“Market expectations have moved a lot in recent months and are already pricing in three rate hikes,” Bank of Singapore chief economist Richard Jerram said in a note to investors on Wednesday. “As a result, a slightly hawkish tilt by the Fed should not have a dramatic impact, although it could add to upwards pressure on bond yields.”
The first - and most misleading - impression on reaching El Bulli is how ordinary it all seems. Enter a pleasant hacienda-style building on a remote stretch of the coast. Everything we'd heard and read about the restaurant oozed glamour  from its artistic website to its bespoke food and catering products, it seemed very slick. Actually, the interior is tasteful yet amazingly unremarkable: terracotta-tiled floors, whitewashed walls, comfortable chairs and tables, and bulldog knick-knacks everywhere (in honour of the restaurant's name, bestowed by the original owners, a German couple, in the 1960s). Courteous waiting staff welcome you and, although they look more chic in their black uniforms than most of their clientele, prove friendly, efficient and knowledgeable.
So-called “advisers” promised the glamour of a new york listing to smallish chinese companies that either did not understand the importance of corporate governance or simply wanted the money. Egregious examples of each have poisoned the well for all: since their peak at the end of 2009, Chinese reverse-merger stocks have dropped by more than two-thirds, according to a Bloomberg index, aided by short sellers, fears of fraud and poor liquidity. By contrast, an index of the largest US-listed chinese groups – the likes of Baidu, Sinopec and China Mobile – is up by 10 per cent. Smaller US companies, with which the reverse mergers are more comparable, have gained a fifth.
Jamie Dimon’s prospects of holding on to the chairmanship of JPMorgan Chase dimmed yesterday as a second shareholder advisory group recommended he be stripped of the role.
The profit warning came as airlines around the world reveal the depth of the growing crisis in global aviation caused by the surge in the crude oil price to record levels./b
Another proposition is that the rapid credit growth simply reflects normal expansion in the provision of financial services. But the IMF paper notes: “The leverage ratio in China is significantly higher than in countries with similar levels of development.”
The pricing of Daraprim is a textbook example of the problematic economics of contestability — the way in which market outcomes are influenced not just by the number of competitors but by the potential for competition.
I actually enjoyed Robert Wade's disinterment of 'proletarianization' - a word one doesn't come across much anymore. Proletarianization refers to the growth of a class of people who don't own any means of production other than their personal labour. I would refer to such persons as 'workers' or 'employees', but 'proletarians' does sound both more muscular and more oppressed.
The NTSB is a compelling model for financial reform. A fiercely independent government agency with no regulatory authority and whose primary mission is to investigate accidents, it provides careful and conclusive forensic analysis, making recommendations for avoiding such accidents in the future. In the event of an aircraft crash, the NTSB assembles an experienced team of engineers and flight-safety experts who are immediately dispatched to the crash site to conduct a thorough investigation. They interview witnesses, pore over historical flight logs and maintenance records, and sift through the wreckage to recover the "black box" and, if necessary, reassemble the aircraft to determine the ultimate causes of the crash. Once its work is completed, the NTSB publishes a report, entered into a searchable public database, summarising the team's investigation, with specific recommendations for avoiding similar occurrences in the future. This process has been one of the key factors underlying the remarkable safety record of commercial air travel.
Johan Leven, Goldman Sachs's head of M&A for Asia excluding Japan, said: “Both Chinese and Indian corporates have firmly established themselves on the global M&A scene and the big question is where they go from here. One thing is clear: groups such as Reliance, Tata, PetroChina and CNOOC will be different . . . more global companies in five years.”
William Barr said he was “angry” that the Metropolitan Correctional Center in new york had failed to keep Epstein alive. “We will get to the bottom of what happened and there will be accountability,” he said in Orleans.
Just 13 per cent of the $114bn funding tracked by the Global Impact Investing Network in 2016 found its way to Asia, according to GIIN’s latest annual investor survey, which, although not exhaustive, offers the most comprehensive data available.
Below her comments she posted a Huawei advertisement depicting a ballerina’s bruised feet with the tagline: “Behind greatness there is suffering”.
pork prices are still about 40 per cent below their all-time record, suggesting they could go much higher if the fever is not contained.
Star was engulfed by a management feud bet-w-een Ms Guthrie, Steve Askew, then chief operating officer, and Peter Mukerjea, the respected chief executive of Star India. Mr Mukerjea was sidelined when profitability at his unit faltered and left to set up a rival network. Mr Askew and Ms Guthrie left the company earlier this year for no given reason. Ms Guthrie was succeeded by former Morgan Stanley banker Paul Aiello, Star's recently appointed president.
Amid signs that the european union has agreed in principle to impose a ban on oil imports from Iran later this month, Philip Hammond, UK defence secretary, will warn the Iranians that Britain will respond militarily if Tehran attempts to close the strait in retaliation for sanctions.
Sony faced fierce criticism on Wednesday following its disclosure that a hacker had stolen the personal data of more than 70m users of its PlayStation Network in one of the worst such online privacy breaches to date.
rupert murdoch becomes an octogenarian this month, and he is keen to get his house in order. News Corp, his media conglomerate, has spent nine months in political and regulatory purgatory as it tries to buy the 60 per cent of British Sky Broadcasting it does not already own. mr murdoch may yet find that purgatory is the easy bit.
The writer chairs the Policy Institute at King’s College London
Nonetheless, the ruling communist party is not taking any chances. It moved aggressively last year against a group of  young Marxist labour organisers, one of the few organised student movements to have emerged over the past three decades. Ahead of the June 4 anniversary, police have rounded up other  grassroots activists.
Spanish and Italian 10-year borrowing costs shot up to their highest levels this year and European stock markets suffered their biggest one-day drop in three weeks. German 10-year bond yields fell to a record low, widening the premium Madrid pays to borrow compared with Berlin to a new euro-era high.
The Indian conglomerate, which owns 33 per cent of the joint venture, was also still keeping its options open on whether to exercise a claimed first right of refusal over the majority stake held by Hutchison International Telecommunications (HTIL), people close to the deal said.
bremiThe writer is Burgess professor of political science at columbia university and former director of its Weatherhead east asian Institute/em /i
Around half ($8.5tn) of the net new inflows attracted by investment managers globally by 2030 will go to Chinese companies, helping the country to become the world’s second-largest asset management market behind the US.
The financial times secured the UK’s top journalism prize on Tuesday night, winning the coveted newspaper of the year trophy at the annual Society of Editors National British Press Awards.
China needed more time to bring its anti-piracy standards up to the level of developed countries, Wen Jiabao, the prime minister, said yesterday, in an effort to fend off criticism on an issue that is a big irritant in relations with the west.
Patrick Grant of tailors E. Tautz would be glad to see Prince William in uniform, like his father, grandfather and every other royal stretching back to George IV. His view is that “a royal wedding should be about pomp”, but for some in the tailoring world it’s enough to make a fellow want to rend his morning coat in frustration.
People familiar with the inquiry said officials from Hong Kong's Commercial Crime Bureau searched offices at PCCW and Fortis Insurance (Asia) this month.
The reality is that speculators are not boosting commodity prices.
Japan wants to allow financial institutions greater flexibility in operating both banking and broking businesses, said Takatoshi Ito, a member of the Council on Economic and Fiscal Policy, which is driving the reforms and which is chaired by Mr Abe.
I had the chance to put my question in person to Australia's best known wine writer, James Halliday. He knit his magnificent eyebrows and I sensed a Michael Broadbent moment but this former lawyer is never short of a word. "I always used to include one of Australia's top rosés in my top 100 wines - Turkey Flat or Charles Melton's - saying 'I know it won't sell' and, blow me, now everyone's drinking them."
The amounts budgeted for health insurance will be for only part of the cost of care, and will cover only basic services. To qualify for insurance, people have to spend a set amount themselves, which has been fixed at a level that will exclude many, particularly in rural areas. Insurance will be available only at designated clinics, limiting its national reach and opening the way to manipulation, particularly given the discretionary involvement of local governments.
The government also hopes to win local support by requiring foreign investors to contribute to a social welfare fund for Iskandar that would benefit mainly ethnic Malays, with officials saying that prospective foreign investors have not raised objections to the proposal.
The government is considering a streamlined foreign investment law that would replace the regime governing which industries are open to foreigners and the conditions under which they can enter, according to the official Xinhua news agency.
So far, China is absorbing the pain. Its official figures show the trade surplus with the US has swollen this year in spite of tit-for-tat trade tariffs. Some us tech companies, including HP, Dell, Microsoft, Amazon and Apple, are considering shifting some production out of China. But neither this, nor the US blacklist has been able to arrest China’s tech advance.
Andrew Jefford travelled to China as a guest of Virgin Atlantic, which flies daily from London to Shanghai, www.virgin-atlantic.com
Hillary Clinton, secretary of state, called on China to &ldquo provide a public accounting of those killed, detained or missing&rdquo  after the 1989 crackdown, to &ldquo cease the harassment of participants in the demonstrations and begin dialogue with the family members of victims&rdquo .
BMW is seeking out new customers in some unusual corners of China as it rides the biggest boom in automotive history. On a recent weekday afternoon, 100 people attended an “Open Course” at a BMW dealership in Nanning, a relatively unknown backwater in the country’s southwest.
Kevin Rudd, Australia's new Labor prime minister, yesterday sought to put the country at the forefront of action on the environment by announcing plans to ratify the Kyoto protocol immediately and to attend the united nations climate change conference in Bali next month.
The reverberations of weakening US motor vehicle sales are being felt far beyond carmakers' assembly plants.
Some of the problems are externally generated  but many are self-inflicted. The difficulties of 3i, its shares at a 75 per cent discount to book and below their issue price, is a demonstration of the underlying crisis.
Whoever was behind the Boston bombs chose their timing and venue carefully.
The carmaker, Japan's second largest, is due to bring out a hybrid car next year using components from rival Toyota whose Prius model has been a success. But the company said it would develop its own hybrid technology as part of a plan to improve its green credentials.
There has been some progress. The production of renewable energy has become cheaper, thanks mainly to the Chinese, and energy is being used more efficiently. But the advances have been slow. The result is that hydrocarbons continue to provide 80 per cent of global energy supplies and will still be supplying some 74 per cent in 2040, according to the international energy Agency.
Earlier in June, the trump administration struck a deal with ZTE for the Shenzhen-based manufacturing giant to pay out $1.4bn for the lifting of a ban that prevented it from buying US components.
The use of multiple holding companies based in tax havens to buy French wine estates has pushed Tracfin – whose mandate is to uncover money laundering and terrorism funding schemes – to issue a warning this month in its 2012 report.
Canberra's decision paves the way for Chevron, the us oil group that is 50 per cent owner and operator of Gorgon, to make its final investment decision to develop the project's gas fields off the coast of Western Australia.
As key commodity prices continue to drop, China's producer price index tumbled to a year-over-year pace of -2.7 per cent pace last month.
Something very strange has happened to Australian wine. While more and more fine Australian wine is being produced, its fortunes and reputation have plummeted. Fashions in wine, just as in everything else, come and go but the speed with which Australia has moved from being revered to being reviled is quite remarkable.
Like many African leaders, Yoweri Museveni preached democracy even as he was seizing power through the barrel of a gun. In his stirring inaugural speech of January 1986, three days after his National Resistance Movement stormed Kampala, Uganda’s new leader spoke eloquently about the cycle of coup and counter-coup despoiling Africa’s political landscape. “We have had one group getting rid of another one, only for it to turn out to be worse than the group it displaced,” he said. “The first point in our programme is the restoration of democracy.”
It was the most startling of warnings. If the US does not get its finances in order “we will have a European situation on our hands, and possibly worse”, claimed Paul Ryan, the new Republican chairman of the House of Representatives budget committee.
Brett Simon and Chen Qing were expressive as an Apollonian/Dionysian pair in a male pas de deux. Wei Wei was outstanding as the leading man, and partnered an excellent Faye Leung (the only woman in the ballet) in another intense duet. This is a wonderful acquisition by hong kong Ballet, whose male dancers have never been displayed before in such strength.  ★★★☆☆i
The disastrous rise in inflation in the early 1970s was partly a result of policymakers not understanding that the equilibrium unemployment rate had risen as productivity growth fell and the oil crisis hit, so they kept loosening monetary and fiscal policy to lower unemployment with the consequence of ever higher inflation.
The news will be welcomed by overseas banks, which have lobbied Beijing to re-open the sector to foreign investment in China's nascent capital markets.
Guy Savoy, the renowned French chef, is old-fashioned in the very best sense of the word. He was born in Nevers in 1953, which makes him rather old for a chef, a profession in which youth tends to dominate. He has opened restaurants in Singapore (now closed) and las vegas (still thriving) and three years ago he moved his eponymous Paris establishment into a fine location for any FT reader. It is part of the Monnaie, France’s principal mint, on the Quai de Conti overlooking the Seine.
There should be a strong attempt from Beijing to reflate the economy and weaken the currency. It’s the right thing to do but will have consequences for asset prices globally.
Bank of Chinastrongb /b/strongis to ask shareholders for permission to issue up to Rmb3bn ($392m) in renminbi bonds in Hong Kong, in what could be the first such issuance in the territory.
Robert Basic, another blogger, was thrilled, however. “My parents are never going to believe I'm going to be catalogued by the German national library,” he wrote.
“The real black mark on our [2006] performance was the continued high cost of fuel,” said Christopher Pratt, Cathay chairman. “The burden will continue to grow as our fleet grows.”
Equally important has been the political change in Baghdad, where Nouri al-Maliki, the autocratic Shia prime minister, has agreed to withdraw his candidacy for a third term in office. He has been replaced by Haidar al-Abadi, a pragmatic, though untested Shia politician who is considered more acceptable to the country’s Kurdish and Sunni minorities.
But it is widely believed the asset sale was blocked by Beijing on nationalistic grounds. State-controlled China Netcom, which owns 20 per cent of PCCW, declared its opposition to any sale to foreign buyers.
Faltering confidence in the chinese economy could threaten the plans of the country's banks to shore up capital reserves, the head of china construction Bank, has warned.
So what do I wear? The jumpsuit and fatigues? Too creepy. The motorcycle jacket and riding gear? Too aggressive. Bermuda shorts? Too festive. Members Only jacket? Too 1980s. I need clothes that can be strapped on like armour, that will both hide and display, and protect me from the slings and arrows.
Exports to most major trading partners fell again in year-on-year terms, but at rates less severe than months prior.
Taiwan's new regulations allow fund managers to register clusters of funds but such a joint application also ties the products together in one group for management and marketing, which is perceived as a serious drawback.
Gradually, however, policymakers have changed tack. Rather than wipe slums from the map, the authorities looked to civilise them and integrate them into the urban fabric. Roads have been asphalted, water pipes and electricity lines extended into bsquatted settlements/b. Further measures ranging from the provision of street names and house numbers to the granting of legal titles to properties have been a feature of this approach, as have moves to introduce schools, clinics and regular policing.
Scientific Games, one of the largest US lottery companies, has also been active as a consultant and supplier in China for several years. It announced a joint venture last week for a new instant ticket lottery game in Shandong province, one of China's largest.
Yet, while the trading ties flourish, a broader rapprochement remains distant. That is still hostage to the countries' failure to resolve a longstanding border dispute, the cause of a brief but bloody war in 1962. Beijing claims 90,000 sq km in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, bordering Bhutan and Tibet. India, meanwhile, says China is occupying 38,000 sq km of its territory in Kashmir, illegally ceded by Pakistan. This open sore one of several causing bilateral irritation,has the potential to flare up in unexpected places. with consequences for business and investors. . New Delhi's clumsy recent restrictions on the import of Chinese skilled labour, for example, amid mutterings about the security risk to strategic installations, has forced chinese companies to suspend construction of power plants that India needs to plug its crippling energy deficit. Regional rivalry may yet turn the Chindia dream sour.
“It makes it very difficult for us to do our jobs properly because we can't tell clients what the answer is,” he says. “In one of the cases I dealt with recently, we had the preliminary hearing before the judge and he said one point could only be decided by the House of Lords. So how do you think my client felt? He said what kind of legal system is this that I have to go to the House of Lords to get an answer to a simple legal question?”
Hosni Mubarak has appointed the head of military intelligence, Omar Suleiman, as vice-president, in a move analysts said signalled the beginning of the end of his 30-year reign, following five days of unprecedented street protests across Egypt.
It is true that president george W. Bush always insisted that the US had no imperial ambitions. But - as ever - his vice-president had his own agenda. In 2003, just after the invasion of Iraq, the Christmas card that Dick Cheney sent to his friends read: "And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without His aid?"
As a result, Mr Blumenberg now enjoys a playful relationship with the security officers. "I always salute back," says the 61-year-old German, who is president of a large joint venture in Nanjing between Germany's BASF, the world's biggest chemicals group, and Sinopec, a Chinese petrochemicals business.
Asustek, which recently launched the EeePC ultra low-cost laptop, 30 Oct said it expected other companies to follow suit about six months from now in what would mark the take-off of a sizeable new computer market segment.
Except when it comes to pesto, that is. “You're a long way from another source,” she says, and so pesto, plus organic foods by local producers and balsamic vinegar imported from Tuscany sit next to the Chinese satin cargo pants. The Outpost also works for the local community. There's no library nearby, so Strathdee has filled a room with her own books and this has become a local hub.
At least as important, the law appears to enshrine a right to collective bargaining. That raises the prospect of in-house unions that are independent in practice, if not in name, from the government-affiliated ACFTU. Unions established outside its umbrella remain illegal.
The hong kong government will spend up to HK$10bn ($1.3bn) on subsidies to phase out old diesel commercial vehicles in a bid to improve the city’s appalling air quality, which has become a subject of growing concern among citizens and international companies.
In the event, the Treasury did no such thing in its latest semi-annual report on exchange rates, released earlier this month. Yet Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, gave Beijing a stern warning not to engage in competitive devaluation. Washington is evidently still itching for a fight with China on any number of issues.
Mr Kudlow echoed those comments on Tuesday. “It sounds like the world has stopped. The world hasn't stopped. We're a very vibrant economy in the USA. And, incidentally, this may spur some business investment in equipment,” he said.
Corporate takeover deals surged to their highest levels since the financial crisis this year, with merger and acquisition volumes rising 47 per cent to $3.34tn globally.
Softbank and Taobao, the retail and consumer site of the Chinese e-commerce group Alibaba, are set to announce a deal next week under which Taobao will enable Chinese vendors to sell on Yahoo Japan. Softbank owns large stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.
The 1999 financial times rankings of 50 global business schools included 31 schools from the US and 16 from Europe. In this year's ranking just 57 of the top 100 schools are still in the US but, more significantly, only 28 are in Europe.
The development came as world powers were preparing to hold substantive discussions today on how they will move forward to stop Iran's uranium enrichment plans – a programme that the US, Britain and France believe is aimed at developing a nuclear weapon.
Citigroup is planning to overhaul its bonus system for hundreds of top managers in an effort to increase co-operation and minimise in-fighting among the disparate parts of the sprawling financial services conglomerate.
The global economy is facing a second wave of food inflation after the US agriculture department yesterday warned of significant falls in stocks of corn, wheat and soyabean and heavy demand.
The G7 statement is expected to refer specifically to action taken on liquidity, capital, market stability and deposit guarantees, as well as the G7's longer-term approach to regulation.
WhatsApp and Candy Crush recently joined the big leagues of technology start-ups done good, prompting tech-shy investors to join the hunt for the digital giants of the future.
BP criticised a raid by bailiffs and armed special forces troopers of its Moscow office on Wednesday, describing it as “part of a pressure campaign against BP’s business in ­Russia”.
But some notions of a financial centre remain, even if technology means that such places no longer need to be focused around an exchange. Traders, and investment bankers, and others in the financial world, tend to gossip. Recruiters want a pool of talent on their doorstep, without needing to move new recruits from overseas.
Ahead of last night's announcement, analysts at Macquarie estimated Fortescue would need additional capital of A$731m, above internally generated funds, to finance its expansion.
In today's financial world, few subprime mortgage lenders actually had to deal with this. Instead, the loans had been quickly sold to investment banks and others who repackaged them into mortgage-backed securities, which were in turn sold to investors globally.
Instead, one should think of the modern era of rapidly expanding trade and technology progress as providing a spectacularly favourable milieu for monetary policy. With hugely positive underlying trends, central banks have been able to establish and maintain low inflation while delivering growth results that have often outperformed expectations. Rather than face the usual historical trade-off, central banks have let citizens have their cake and eat it. No wonder central bankers have become so popular.
Qihoo 360 Technology, China’s largest provider of free antivirus software, filed for a US listing just hours before Japan’s nuclear crisis triggered a shares sell-off, making the planned flotation a test case for how chinese technology listings can fare in a volatile market.
The stalling of the us recovery raises big, scary questions. After a recession, this economy usually gets people back to work quickly. Not this time. Progress is so slow, the issue is not so much when America will return to full employment but what “full employment” will mean by the time it does.
The trend shows up clearly for the new york stock Exchange, still the world's largest, which handles a much lower proportion of the transactions involving its listed stocks than it once did. In September of this year, it executed only 56.1 per cent of trades involving NYSE-listed stocks, down from 69.3 per cent a year earlier, and 78.6 per cent in September 2005.
There are clouds on the horizon, however. Sales, especially of new-builds, are supported by government schemes designed to help buyers. If the economy improves enough to allow the government to drop those schemes, it will not be long before interest rates rise.
There are concerns that the London-based group is not being sufficiently well compensated for pooling its superior iron ore infrastructure assets with BHP's.
When the chief executive refused to step aside or surrender the chop, a top TPG executive appeared at the Shanghai office with seven security guards and a handful of staff in search of the item. But the TPG executive was forced to flee the country when local management called the police, sparking a months-long court battle. TPG sold its stake in the business in 2013.
If we look at the fall in output from the peak quarter before the recession in 2007 or 2008 to the recession trough and the recovery since then, the US emerges as the easy winner. The fall in output was slightly less than that experienced in the eurozone, the UK or Japan and the recovery has been much more impressive. It is the only one of the four main groups where output has recovered to above the pre-recession peak. You might think that the domestic American reaction would be one of rejoicing, but it is not.
Some policymakers in Beijing said they expected the party to renew and extend the current system from 30-year contracts to 70-year contracts but others said this was unlikely to happen immediately.
MJ Akbar, a former minister of state for external affairs in the Bharatiya Janata party government, resigned from his post in October 2018 after 16 female journalists publicly accused him of predatory workplace behaviour during his years as a powerful newspaper editor.
Somalia has been a no-go area for us oil companies since it descended into anarchy in the early 1990s. This year the capital, Mogadishu, has seen its worst violence in 16 years as insurgents seek to topple a fragile interim government.
So where has it all gone wrong? Why has Dell provoked so much harsh criticism over the past couple of years? My initial diagnosis, it seems, was not too wide of the mark. While the company is working hard to re-establish warmer relationships with its customers – by developing, for example, a much more sophisticated approach to solving software and hardware problems – our once starry-eyed view of Dell has been replaced by an altogether more realistic one. Manufacturing excellence does not guarantee customer delight.
People who have worked with Mr Sutherland say his style can be traced back to his days as a young barrister in Dublin. He is quick to grasp an issue and overcomes opposition with force of personality and strength of argument, laced with a dash of humour and charm. He inspires loyalty in those around him and expects their loyalty in return. However, if he feels a confrontation is necessary he will not walk away from it.
The proposal will be debated at a meeting in Paris next week of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which represents 34 of world’s richest countries.
The most intriguing aspect of the joint Royal Dutch Shell and PetroChina offer for Arrow Energy, a holder of Australian coal-seam gas reserves, is not the price (a discount to recent deals in the sector) or the timing (as Arrow is struggling to fund expansion on its own). It is the fact it is being made at all.
In the three years following the Syngenta buyout, global sentiment towards Chinese overseas acquisitions has also soured. The US and several other countries have since bolstered their screening of Chinese buyouts of sensitive technologies, resulting in far fewer Chinese-led deals.
Beijing is considering transferring shares from state companies to the national pension fund to help fill a gaping shortfall, the fund's new head said on the 29supth/sup Feb.
The US confronts huge challenges, at home and abroad. Its fiscal position is not one of them. This is a highly controversial statement. If one judged by the debate in Washington, one would conclude that the federal government is close to bankruptcy. This view is false. Yes, the US does confront fiscal challenges in the long term. But these are largely caused by the soaring costs of its inefficient healthcare. Yes, the US is engaged in a fierce debate on fiscal policy. But this is due to philosophical disputes over the role of the state. Yes, the US has been running large fiscal deficits in the short run. But these are a result of the financial crisis.
Apple reported revenues of $50.6bn for the first three months of the year, down 13 per cent from the year before, with earnings per share falling by 18 per cent to $1.90. wall street had been expecting earnings of $2 a share on revenues of $52bn.
Filler of stockings, saviour of publishing, compulsory accessory for the self-respecting executive: tablets are hard to ignore, as is the company that in 2010 finally made them a success: Apple.
“We find clients want concentrated bursts of information and are often uncomfortable discussing their situation with other people around,” says Duncan MacIntyre, head of Coutts' private office.
Easy, yes  but wrong. Detroit’s days as a manufacturing powerhouse – like those of many industrial cities in America, Europe and elsewhere – are irrevocable. But its downtown is rebounding, thanks to the kind of central location, affordable property, improved efficiency and productivity also bringing people and businesses back to struggling former industrial hubs such as Cleveland and Pittsburgh.
“One reason [for the sell-off] is that people are questioning the decoupling idea,” says one senior western policymaker, who confesses he has always found it odd that investors placed so much emphasis on the concept. “It has become clear that the challenges facing the us economy are global,” he adds, noting that these “involve oil, which is a global issue, and subprime, which has been sold all over the world, and a housing downturn, which affects the us economy in a very broad way.”
At the same time, they have become more accustomed to refinancing these assets to raise cash for other purposes. Remortgaging has become commonplace as a means to get hold of an extra &pound 10,000 or &pound 50,000 to pay for school fees, or a new car or repairs, for example.
Al Gore vented the frustration of many at Bali when he accused the US of blocking efforts to tackle global warming. Perhaps the former US vice-president spoke too soon. The deal struck on Saturday by about 190 nations will not on its own cut greenhouse gas emissions. But it is an important milestone.
The Opec oil cartel's resolve to cut production to boost prices is fraying, says the international energy Agency, the developed countries' watchdog.
Nobody knows how Brexit will unfold between now and next March. It’s feasible that the UK and the EU fail to strike a deal, that theresa may falls, that Jeremy Corbyn is elected prime minister, that Brexit is delayed, or that a second referendum is held. As the Adidas slogan says: “Impossible is nothing.” Only when you look further into the future do things become clearer. I’ve been interviewing many Brexit participants in Britain and on the continent, and have concluded that the two scenarios now being endlessly debated — Britain living under no-deal, or a second referendum killing Brexit — are almost inconceivable. Even if there’s briefly a no-deal, or a second vote is held, neither will stick. Long-term, the most likely outcome is Brino (Brexit in name only) or a very soft Brexit.
The data follow trade figures released on Sunday that showed a 7.2 per cent jump in exports and a 7 per cent rise in imports for August, beating expectations and pointing to firmer third-quarter growth than had previously been expected.
Sanpower Group, the chinese company that bought House of Fraser in 2014, has struggled since the acquisition to take the initial steps toward launching the brand globally.
“Many people believe Goldman Sachs, which goes around the chinese market slurping gold and sucking silver, may have, using all kinds of deals, created even bigger losses for chinese companies and investors than it did with its fraudulent actions in the US,” read the opening lines of an article in the China Youth Daily, a state-owned daily newspaper, last week.
The suggestion that a family dynasty is taking shape in meritocratic Singapore was all the more explosive, and hard to brush off, coming from within the Lee family. It raised questions that — in normal times — would be expected to draw an instant lawsuit, as Lee Hsien Loong acknowledged in parliament. He declined to sue, he said, because it would “further besmirch my parents’ names”, and contended that the accusations are insufficiently substantial to merit an investigation by a court of inquiry or a parliamentary committee. The opposition Singapore democratic party responded that if such accusations would land an ordinary citizen in court, then a proper hearing is merited.
Pioneer's exit will increase pressure on other TV companies that make plasma screens, notably Panasonic, which according to DisplaySearch holds 37 per cent of that market.
China’s economy had been slowing even before the onset of the trade war, partly because of a longer-term attempt to deflate bubbles in finance and the housing sector.
The survey also found that most CFOs were more optimistic about their firm's prospects compared with the previous quarter, but that their biggest concern was the cost of labour.
On December 11, Beijing detained two Canadians, Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor, in retaliation for Canada’s arrest of Huawei’s Chief Financial Officer, Meng Wanzhou, in response to a US extradition request.
While the 2018 General Assembly theme is “Shared Responsibilities for Peaceful, Equitable and Sustainable Societies”, the backdrop is a torn-up climate agreement, discarded nuclear weapons treaties and trade wars, pushing nations further apart.
Lately the argument has become more sophisticated. Andrea Guerra, the chief executive of Luxottica, told the FT this year that there were limits to how much the company would make in China. Initial manufacture might be cheaper, but savings were reduced once costs from the rest of the supply chain were included. Manufacturing closer to, or at, home was more flexible.
Well located houses are what the economist Fred Hirsch called a positional good. house prices are consequently a product of sociology as well as economics. That combination explains why it is Britain, Ireland and Spain, not France, Italy and Germany, that have seen the fastest rises in European house prices and why Hawaii, California and New York, not Idaho, Mississippi and Nebraska, have been the hot spots in the US.
david cameron last night bowed to a week of political pressure and disclosed that he had made money from an offshore fund.
Since the 2005 riot, Taiwan has moved to try to improve living conditions and protect foreign workers' rights.
They must also stay united, which makes it disturbing that cracks in the coalition have already appeared. On Sunday, Amr Moussa, the head of the Arab League, told reporters that coalition air strikes had gone further than the league had intended when it lent its support. The idea, he said, was to protect civilians with a no-fly zone. The force deployed was excessive.
us bank supervisors told Goldman Sachs to tighten its oversight of risk and report more of its internal debates about deals just after the wall street bank completed $6.5bn of controversial bond financing for 1MDB, the Malaysian fund.
There can be little doubt. The science of macroeconomics is in deep trouble. The best and the brightest in the field fight over the most basic problems. Take government budget deficits, which now exceed 10 per cent of gross domestic product in countries such as the US and the UK. One camp of macroeconomists claims that, if not quickly reversed, such deficits will lead to rising interest rates and a crowding out of private investment. Instead of stimulating the economy, the deficits will lead to a new recession coupled with a surge in inflation. Wrong, says the other camp. There is no danger of inflation. These large deficits are necessary to avoid deflation. A clampdown on deficits would intensify the deflationary forces in the economy and would lead to a new and more intense recession.
Although the number and value of deals in the Asia/Pacific region has risen fast, most M&A activity has been concentrated in Japan and Australia. There is much to discourage buyers from venturing further afield. Policy risks remain high, as the botched imposition of capital controls in Thailand or the Lone Star investigation in south korea demonstrate. In many industries, particularly in China and India, foreign control is banned and ownership is restricted to minority stakes. A significant number of companies continue to bow to the will of family or government owners – Morgan Stanley estimates that, in Asia/Pacific excluding Japan, families have meaningful influence over 40-50 per cent of publicly-listed companies
Thomas Kramer, deputy editor of WISO, the ZDF television network's flagship consumer programme, says: “The sentiment used to be that the crisis could be contained to the financial sector and that Germany had good economic fundamentals. This week, people are asking about their shares, whether they should buy gold or put their money into property.”
For now, growth seems to have stalled. Eurekahedge says outflows from Asian hedge funds accelerated from $2.1bn in August to $4.3bn in September. (Figures for October will take three to four weeks to compile.)
Baidu, China's largest internet search engine, yesterday admitted that some companies had used its website to market fraudulent information, as it faced mounting criticism for auctioning top search result rankings to the highest bidders.
That is just as well – because 2007 looks set to be yet another milestone year.
It was as though barack obama took to yelling expletives at passers-by or bill clinton fixed his gaze on his shoes. Or perhaps a close-shaven Abraham Lincoln suddenly sprung up on the podium. With the brief exception of his acceptance speech on 9 November, this was America’s first glimpse of an upbeat President Trump. He wore it surprisingly well.
Europe’s farmers will win prized
Furthermore, Chinese activity growth in the Fulcrum nowcasts nosedived to just 4 per cent in December. This triggered much of the slowdown in global growth, especially in the trade and manufacturing sectors.
Though Alvin Toffler suggested lunching
The move is a sign that, after suffering big losses on their investments in western financial groups during the crisis, sovereign wealth funds are prepared to put their money to work in the sector, especially on deals in their core markets.
In an effort to exploit nostalgia for China’s communist and colonialist past, two Chinese state companies have relaunched old brands – including Chairman Mao’s famous Red Flag limousine – to challenge foreign dominance of the country’s luxury markets.
Beijing has denied it intends to reassert control over large swathes of the economy, but the subsidies to large state groups are likely to have that effect in the aviation sector regardless of the intent.
The move will raise the stakes for other executives on the council, including leaders from Blackstone, IBM, GE, GM, Disney, Pepsi and Tesla. Several have already voiced concerns about the travel ban but none has been as critical as Uber, which said the order was “unfair, wrong and against everything we stand for as a company”.
“Earlier easing measures are starting to work,” said Qu Hongbin, head of Asian research at HSBC. “That said, the below-50 July reading implied demand still remaining weak and employment under increasing pressure. This calls for more easing efforts to support growth and jobs.”
Such dialogue is vital not only to ensure everyone understands what is going on, but also to ensure transparency among all employees about issues in the organisation. But free, open expression is not a common feature in Japan's rigidly hierarchical corporate culture, in which subordinates are often expected to be seen and not heard.
UBStraders and managers on three continents used phone calls, electronic chat rooms and emails to manipulate benchmark interest rates in five currencies on an almost daily basis, according to documents filed by US, UK and Swiss authorities.
The new research office would be in Chengdu, about 1,600km west of Shanghai.
The main driver for getting people back to the UK is concern about the tax and regulatory consequences of having staff in other countries for an extended period of time. Some banks have summoned their people back to the UK, even if they do not have to come into the office.
1. Act rich. For all their democratic brio, people who sell art are only really interested in people who can afford to buy it. The average price of an artwork at Frieze is £20,000, which is more than an Alfa Romeo. But acting rich is not as easy as it used to be. Pressed jeans and Tod’s loafers are a uniform of the past. Assume a casual, studied air. When confronted by a work designed to make you laugh, don’t laugh. Haughty disdain goes a long way, although if you can match that of the gallerist, you are made of ice. Don’t be embarrassed to ask the price of anything but never, ever, mention any currency denomination (see point two).
Huawei’s sales of solar equipment in the US threaten the entire American electricity grid, members of Congress have warned, in the latest rift between us politicians and the Chinese company.
The report for the first time attempts to quantify the economic cost of taking action now – which it said would be just 1 per cent of world economic outputstrongb /b/strongby 2050 – against the cost of a failure to act, which it said would knock between 5 and 20 per cent off world consumption.
There are crucial differences. Judgment has been issued on mr johnson  the investigation into mr trump is just beginning. The allegations against the us president are, moreover, far graver than those against the British premier.
However, the past two years seem to have proved that these risks are far smaller than feared. Since 2005, the overall gains in market share by Chinese chipmakers have been halted, and the mainland's chip industry revenues have stopped growing faster than those of Taiwan.
The commodity futures trading commission alleged that Netherlands-based Optiver Holding, two of its subsidiaries and three high-ranking employees had manipulated prices of crude oil, heating oil and gasoline futures contracts on the new york mercantile exchange at least five times in March 2007.
China’s Bright Food has made Australia its priority for international expansion after establishing a platform in the country with its purchase of a 75 per cent stake in Manassen Foods, a privately owned branded food business.
chinese banks are – for now – willing to pay Yu’e Bao enough to make the 6 per cent return it pays feasible. No surprise  it is hard to drum up retail deposits when they offer negative real returns. China’s bank regulations cap retail rates at about 3 per cent for a one-year fixed deposit.
Hours after his arrival in Iraq’s second city, Mosul’s full recapture was yet to be announced, as Iraqi forces fought to take back the group’s final footholds.
The BIS also found that London's share of the foreign exchange market has grown sharply while New York's share has slipped.
Rhodium Group, an independent research house, said in a report earlier this year that it had found 13 cases in the first four months of 2019 where local government financing vehicles had defaulted on shadow banking instruments and warned that most of these default cases go unreported.
On top of his Ukrainian tribulations vladimir putin now has to manage a war of attrition with currency speculators. Lack of confidence in the Russian economy has prompted a flight in capital as some investors seek to limit their losses on rouble assets while others actively bet on a continued depreciation of the currency. The president’s battlefield options range from strategic retreat (allowing depreciation) to raising interest rates and selling foreign exchange to imposing controls on capital outflows.
China has overtaken Europe by building hundreds of thousands of masts to carry superfast 4G mobile signals and western executives are warning that the country will pull further ahead with plans to more than double construction this year.
royal bank of Scotland has ruled out any sale of its stake in Bank of China in spite of its capital difficulties and intends to press ahead with a two-pronged expansion strategy in the country, according to one of the UK bank's senior executives.
The world is not yet one single economy, but it is moving in that direction. The integration of nations such as China and India into it is the equivalent of multiplying several-fold the amount of unskilled labour relative to the supply of skilled labour and capital. The conventional response is to say that US and European industry needs to move continually upmarket, developing new products and processes, to maintain its position. There are limits to how far this can go. Not everyone can be retrained to undertake high- technology jobs.
Sir Fred takes the Communist party's involvement in his stride. He says: “The political system is stable and we assume that the reform mindset will remain.”
The difference between domestic savings and investment equals the current account of the balance of payments (itself the inverse of the capital account). Domestic savings and investment can be divided, in turn, between private sector and government. Private, government and foreign balances must sum to zero. But it is still possible to ask how they do so and, in particular, what behaviour drives the specific patterns and levels of activity we see. In the present crisis, asking that question is particularly revealing.
Ripping up the cobbled paving stones revealed the sand beds on which they were laid and the poetic metaphor took on both the literal appearance of the sandy substrate and the idea that the city was a playground to be reappropriated from the robber barons, politicians and establishment. Through transforming the urban fabric into barricades, a new city of endless possibilities was excavated in the imagination.
Impending automation conjures up images of empty factory floors where men have been replaced by robots. But don’t forget the increasingly digital back office. Where will female data-entry clerks and book-keepers go? The same thing is happening in the retail sector where automation and online shopping threatens the jobs of so many female shop assistants.
Despite placing the special sign (“Reserved for customers in the mood for a chat”) prominently, I get no takers. But the initiative is intriguing, partly because, as high streets across the UK continue their rapid decline, the big retailers are struggling to strengthen their community role, anxious to be seen as part of the solution rather than the problem. Meanwhile, think-tank papers and government announcements tell us that Britons of all ages are suffering an epidemic of loneliness.
Based in the southwestern city of Kunming, the Fanya exchange traded in a little-known group of metals used in high-tech and military applications, as well as issuing very liquid products at interest rates as high as 13 per cent.
The stock market value of Google parent Alphabet is on the brink of hitting $1tn for the first time, making it the fourth of the big tech to reach the milestone.
Deployment of four rocket launchers of the terminal high altitude area Defence platform, or Thaad, has been suspended, the office of Moon Jae-in said.
Mondli Makhanya, editor of South Africa's Sunday Times, recently recalled his horror 20 years ago as he and his friends watched television pictures of Germans chipping away at the Berlin Wall.
Speaking in Berlin after talks with Angela Merkel, Germany's chancellor, he insisted that Beijing's policy on the renminbi was “orientated towards market needs” and “flexible”.
Rising numbers of visitors — often to see relatives or to watch Premier League football — have increased their economic contribution. In 2015, chinese tourists spent £83m in the north, up 17 per cent on the previous year, according to VisitBritain. The Marketing Manchester agency has developed a guide in Mandarin to tax-free shopping in the city, distributed in China as well as in Britain (the guide is also available in Cantonese and Arabic).
The news this week that James Hind, 28, has raised £5.9m to launch Carwow, an online vehicle marketplace, took me back to the day when I bought a new car over the internet.
Bankers have long been the villains of the financial crisis in the public’s eye. Now, in addition to popular disapproval, the industry is taking a further battering as its workforce finds itself under fire in the executive pay debate, while also reeling from one of the most severe rounds of job cuts in decades.
The fall, the fifth monthly decline in a row, reflected a near 70 per cent rise in the price of crude oil and a more than doubling of the price of coal.
And so an unlikely alliance was formed between Farmer Smith and the economists Oriana Bandiera, Iwan Barankay and Imran Rasul. The economists would design and administer pay schemes, and in exchange for that (and for confidentiality) Farmer Smith would let them treat his business as a gigantic laboratory for researching the nexus between pay, workplace friendships (which they mapped out) and workers' productivity.
The ministry would grant such licences “at an early date”, the official xinhua news agency and other media quoted mr xi as saying. Mr Xi's remarks appeared markedly different in tone from those of Lou Qinjian, another information industry vice-minister, who said last month that Beijing had no licence timetable and suggested that the industry had yet to come up with a compelling business case for 3G.
Now that cases of coronavirus have almost disappeared in China, officials in many parts of the country are pushing for factories, homebuilders and other businesses to get back to work as quickly as possible. Authorities announced they would begin relaxing restrictions on travel to and from on Hubei, the central Chinese province where the outbreak started in January, from Wednesday.
There are good arguments for placing limits on the owners of the “pipes” that carry the internet that do not apply to the services that travel over those pipes. Consumers already pay for internet access. Many might not be pleased to discover that the networks are making extra money by trading in their personal data. Many US broadband markets are also a duopoly. Customers unhappy with the terms of service have few options.
The action escalates a dispute that erupted after Eni announced a two-year delay to the start of production and soaring development costs at Kashagan.
Eight months ago, I moved to Manhattan to take up a fellowship at the Cullman Center. The Center provides office space and stipends for 15 writers and academics to research their next books. In this year's intake the subjects range from a novel set in 1980s Sag Harbor and a history of fighting in the US Congress, to the biography of a stand-up comic from New Jersey and a study of emancipation. The Center has also, therefore, provided me with an intriguing historical kaleidoscope of Americana against which to view contemporary events in the country.
A decade on, GoPro is publicly listed with sales set to exceed $1.6bn in 2015. Its cameras sell for up to $500 but new competition is pulling the price back.
But the next stage of opening promises to be particularly difficult.
“With the spot market getting even tighter it seems that steel makers are in a weak position,” added Mr Smith, who forecast an increase of 50 per cent.
Ctrip’s valuation this year, according to its chief executive.
Other drivers have also been responsible. Much is reported of the so-called Japanese carry trade where international financial institutions are able to fund their investments through yen borrowings at low interest rates. Yen weakness has been encouraged by the Japanese authorities and allowed exports to compensate for weaker than hoped for consumption. This has also allowed the carry trade to continue for longer than perhaps would have otherwise been the case. fund managers were certainly watching the yen/dollar rate immediately after the stock market correction for evidence that these carry trades were being reversed.
Disclosure: Professor Malkiel is chief investment officer for Alpha Shares, which along with S&P, provides the index for the HAO and TAO funds mentioned below. He also has a small holding in the Templeton Dragon Fund (TDF).
But the court said the law could not be used to persecute consenting adults for consensual acts, with Dipak Mishra, chief justice, calling Section 377 “indefensible and manifestly arbitrary”.
hong kong retail investors are able to borrow from a broker to subscribe to listings. If a flotation is oversubscribed, these “margin loans” can be many times the value of the shares on offer. In the case of last year’s blockbuster listing of Ping An Good Doctor, the $20bn advanced was more than 200 times the stock being sold by the Chinese healthcare platform.
“We're sizing it up,” Brian France, Nascar's chairman and CEO, said in an interview with the Financial Times. “We have a couple of people who are looking at that carefully.”
He said Indian groups would confound expectations of a looming skills shortage in the country and continue to draw on lower-cost, highly trained graduates to retain their technological edge.
T he financial rescue plan passed by the us congress is viewed as flawed but necessary to head off panic in financial markets and loss of confidence in the economy. It seems a holding operation, a Plan C or D that might need augmentation via a Plan A.
There have been a number of inquiries into the conduct of journalists by House of Commons select committees and, most notably, Lord Justice Leveson’s marathon investigation into the press.
His comments came amid heightened concern in us markets about China&rsquo s continued appetite for us government bonds and other assets and anxiety in China about potential losses on its US investments.
This ratio has tremendous implications for the country's grain consumption: 70 per cent of China's corn and soyabeans and about half of the country's sweet potato supplies go towards feeding livestock. It takes 5-7kg of grain to produce 1kg of pork – the country's staple meat. Since 1990, China's feed industry has increased its annual output by an average of 18 per cent a year to supply the country's livestock farms.
Europe must make its bank &ldquo stress tests&rdquo  more transparent and extend them across more institutions to enhance their credibility, according to the international monetary Fund.
That approach contrasts sharply with Ms Sturgeon’s opposition to Spain’s arrest of pro-independence leaders in Catalonia and her insistence that the people of the Spanish region have the right to “determine their own future”.
Second, finance is about the unknowable future. This makes it vulnerable to the human frailties: greed, fear, ignorance and fraud gallop, like horses of the apocalypse, across the history of finance.
mr putin won with 73.9 per cent of the vote, according to an exit poll published by the public opinion research centre (VCIOM), one of the country’s two main Kremlin-backed pollsters.
Such concerns have meant that Beijing tends to favour “government-organised NGOs” (known as “gongos”) as a way of encouraging contributions from wider society without sacrificing political influence. Because of lack of flexible regulation for true NGOs, many still operate in a legal grey area that means they can be shut down at any time.
"At GE, look at the actual performance and the profitability of its divisions. Jeff Immelt (chief executive) has done a lot to reshape their business, and their financial results have been quite good. Their stock performance hasn't been as strong. Investors wonder what will it take tonotice good performance at General Electric?"
After the land was acquired, Mr Potter and Mr Irvin left the company management while retaining their shareholding, leaving Mr Hines as the longest-serving member. In December 2005, AMZ listed on Aim, London's junior market, which brought on to the company board institutional investors such as UK-based Artemis Investment and gaming experts such as Larry Woolf, former chief executive of the MGM Grand casino in Las Vegas.
“Once the weather clears up, the government will still be left with a mission impossible,” says Hong Liang, of Goldman Sachs. “How could they ensure sufficient energy production by requiring commercially oriented energy producers to incur financial losses?”
“This is the future of television,” Mr Chua argues. “It will become the norm in a few years’ time.”
However, none can match the scale of YouTube's audience or its online video library, indicating that Google's initiative could generate far more money for users than other sites have done.
recep tayyip Erdogan, the president of Turkey, will plough ahead with plans to overhaul the constitution and strengthen his own powers, his prime minister has signalled.
The delay is the latest EU policy hold-up that diplomats attribute to Berlin’s focus on parliamentary elections scheduled for September 22. Progress towards eurozone integration, on the agenda of a two-day EU summit in Brussels that started yesterday, has also been scaled down after pressure from Germany.
The research arm of McKinsey, the professional services firm, warned earlier this year that about half the tasks that workers perform could already be automated using today’s technology. Few jobs are likely to be handled entirely by machines, but that still pointed to widespread redundancy, if the remaining work is reorganised among fewer workers.
Although industry peers in Taiwan wish Acer, one of the island's biggest and oldest brands, well in its quest to move to the top of the global industry ranks, they fear the acquisition could drag Acer down. One concern is that US PC sales could slow this year just as Acer steps up its push into that market.
Chongming, an island at the mouth of the Yangtze river, has felt the impact of environmental degradation more than many places, as its population has doubled in 50 years and deforestation has silted up the river.
It was – unsurprisingly – a transforming experience, which taught me much about the fragility and value of life. But when I look back now, one thing that strikes me is just how little training I had before my trip. To be sure, before arriving in the Sindh I was told about the local customs, and how to keep healthy in a hot climate. I also studied Urdu, which, as it happened, was surprisingly easy to do in England at the time, because the british government was introducing its teachers and police force to the language to cope with immigrants.
Its picturesque location on a hilly peninsula in Bohai Bay has helped – the city has several beaches, and a constant sea breeze helps prevent the relentless smog that plagues most other Chinese urban areas.
“Road traffic injuries have been neglected from the global health agenda . . . despite being predictable and largely preventable,” says the WHO. Car crashes aren’t considered news precisely because they are routine, remarks the Dutch writer Joris Luyendijk. He says that although road accidents are “the biggest bloodbath in the Arab world”, media instead focus on the much smaller bloodbath of terrorism.
donald trump sold himself to the American electorate as a master dealmaker. In his previous career, as a real estate mogul in New York, he even shared his insights on negotiation in a book: The Art of the Deal. As mr trump explained: “My attitude is, you can’t get hurt by asking.”
A brand new airport, high-rise office blocks and scores of new apartment complexes are proof that the city is reaping the fruits of an energy boom that has seen annual natural gas production in the surrounding Tarim Basin increase 20 times between 2000 and 2007. But the vast majority of profits from the industry are sent back east, along with the oil and gas.
Goldman Sachs is in talks over a potential settlement with an investor that claims it lost money and went out of business after buying into a $1bn mortgage-backed security that was later privately criticised by a senior executive at the bank.
In any case, it was all grand and wonderful, in a way that recalled a bygone era of propriety (all the women at the tables were served before the men  I can't remember the last ball I went to where that happened) and reinforced the sense of an era being over – like the Diana era, or the Gianni era.
“One of the great growth industries of the English-speaking world is the exegesis of the writings of john maynard Keynes. What exactly did Keynes say? When did he say it? Who were his precursors? What did he really mean? What should he have meant? What would he be saying if he were alive today?” I wrote these words many more years ago than I like to think. Since then this industry has grown still further, spurred by the financial crisis. Vince Cable, the Liberal Democrat business secretary in Britain’s coalition government, wrote an article in the January 17 issue of the New Statesman entitled “Keynes would be on our side”. The following week, the economists David Blanchflower and Robert Skidelsky published a riposte, talking of “the foolhardy project of enlisting Keynes on behalf of the coalition’s policy”.
China’s main cities are beginning to face growing fuel shortages as oil companies cut supply into the fixed-price local market in response to sky-rocketing global prices.
The fundamental ETFs have opened a debate about the nature of indices and how they should be used.
“Premier Li’s position has certainly become more precarious as a result of the current crisis,” said Willy Lam, an expert on Chinese politics at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. “If the situation worsens and if there comes a point where [President Xi Jinping] really needs a scapegoat, then Li fits the bill.”
George Soros, the billionaire financier, unveiled a plan yesterday to lend poor countries $100bn to deal with the threat of climate change.
Pyongyang fired two “projectiles” into the Sea of Japan from near Wonsan, on the country’s east coast, according to a statement by the south korean military.
When hugely intelligent and accomplished people start worrying a lot about artificial intelligence , should we join them? The physicist Stephen Hawking recently told the BBC that “the development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race”. Earlier this autumn the entrepreneur elon musk called AI “our biggest existential threat” and compared the research under way to “summoning the demon”.
However, production growth has slowed dramatically this year, partly because of disruptive snowstorms in February but also because of shortages of coal supplies and high prices.
The economy grew at an annual rate of 11.5 per cent in the third-quarter on the back of robust investment and exports, only marginally slower than the 11.9 per cent rate seen in the second-quarter.
While building Lego skyscrapers is not usually on the MBA agenda, students at Fairfield University’s Dolan School of Business in Connecticut will break out the bricks this autumn as part of efforts to promote cross-disciplinary learning. But while projects such as this can prompt students to think in different ways, a tougher challenge is breaking down silos in the teaching of the core curriculum.
Those who are weary of the woes of capitalism should come to Shanghai in the spring. In the business capital of the world's most populous economy, visions of greatness are in the air, springing up right next to the tulips, the overpriced boutiques and the skyscrapers.
“It should be related to the recent recalls,” said the official.
He notes, though, that  in companies where senior executives smoke, the shelters do seem to be a little nicer. Most of his shelters, he says, are bought by companies situated on trading estates. “It can be far more difficult for those in city-based offices, especially when they share a building,” he says.
China should learn from the US what risks are involved in financial innovation, protect against them - and then innovate at a pace that is "appropriate", he said.
“A disconcerting amount of optimism,” was one business leader’s summary of the week in Davos. At last year’s meeting of the World Economic Forum, many expected the disintegration of the euro to add to the problems of depressed economies in Europe and the US. Their worst fears, however, have not been realised.
Beijing said it would buy cotton for a “temporary” reserve from September 1 2011 to March 31 2012, covering the fall harvest season. The minimum purchase price for cotton feeding the reserve would be Rmb19,800 per tonne, the government said. That is about $1.40 per pound, slightly more than the price of benchmark new york cotton for December delivery.
real estate was the largest sector driving greenfield cross-border investment globally in 2014, according to a report from fDi Intelligence, a data division of the financial times group. An estimated $81bn was invested in greenfield real estate projects last year, accounting for 12 per cent of all global greenfield investments and just edging out coal, oil and natural gas to be the largest FDI sector by capital investment. There were 425 such projects worldwide last year, a 48 per cent increase on 2013.
The wave of defaults, which are set to reach records this year, are expected to persist until 2021 — unless Beijing relaxes its policies — because of the rise in private enterprise bonds due to mature. “Privately owned enterprises are being squeezed out of the bond market,” said S&P. One upshot of this is that private companies are being forced to sell themselves to state-owned players in order to repay their debts. State-owned companies, by contrast, have little difficulty in gaining approval to issue new bonds to pay off those that mature or in securing bank loans from a state-dominated banking sector. Such unequal treatment should remind observers of the animating ideology behind China’s political economy: the market exists to support the state. If state interests require it, private interests must be sacrificed. But does the latest shift also betray a developing official antipathy toward private enterprise per se?
The currency, which has been kept on a tight leash since a small one-off appreciation in July last year, rose by 0.24 per cent before falling slightly to close trading at Rmb7.98 to the dollar.
The problem China’s leadership faces today is that there are no longer 100 flowers to worry about. There are 500m horticultural specimens thrusting into the light – and not a few of them have thorns. That is roughly the number of internet users in China today. While most of them are content to download music and chat innocuously to their friends, a significant minority use the internet to criticise the government and voice grievances.
Instead, after the meltdown in the mainland equity markets last week, new listings have been banned indefinitely. Not that sentiment towards banks such as ICBC was terribly positive before share prices were sent crashing.
With sentiment weak, hong kong has failed to attract any new international listings this year. Italian fashion house Prada and US luggage maker Samsonite chose to list in the city in 2011, following the debuts of French cosmetics company L’Occitane and Russian aluminium maker Rusal in 2010.
On Tuesday the UN agency increased its estimate of global working hours lost to the pandemic, largely due to the worsening health situation and economic conditions in the Americas.
The same trends are present at the Schulich School of Business, York University, Canada, where there has been strong growth in the financial services sector, with 41 per cent of the MBA class of 2006 opting for finance and financial services.
Jamie Allen, founder of the Asian corporate governance Association, says the number of investors prepared to engage with the management of companies they own has increased sharply in the past three years. Voting has increased, too. It is early days yet, but it is becoming harder for executives of asian companies to ignore the calls of their shareholders for improved governance.
Microsoft took a $1.1bn charge in connection with its failed Nokia acquisition, completing the writedown of the entire $7.2bn it spent trying to jump on the smartphone bandwagon. A day later, Intel took a $1.4bn restructuring charge for an overhaul that is meant to leave it better positioned for the post-PC world.
chinese authorities in Xinjiang vowed yesterday to execute people involved in killings during protests in the north-western region, as Hu Jintao, the president, cut short his stay at the Group of Eight summit in Italy to rush home to take charge of the crisis.
It all came to an end when country grandees, irritated by the bnoise/b and bcommotion/b, piled their money into railway shares, and self-propelled road transport was legislated off the roads. By the mid-19th century, Britain had reverted to bpotholes and the horse/b.
The UK population increased last year at the rate of 500 people a day as the number of new immigrants outpaced those leaving the country, according to official figures.
The legislation would have been unlikely to become law this year, and, strongbin some quarters/b/strong, the senators’ calls were largely seen as an attempt to raise the profile of the issue. There was not a companion measure in the House of Representatives and the White House would probably have vetoed any bill that did emerge.
The former head of the us national security agency has warned that the coronavirus pandemic has significantly increased cyber risk, with companies likely to face a growing number of attacks.
When I was growing up, I remember a man called Frank, a friend of my parents, who was an amazing guy  even well into old age he had so much energy. He was never tired and just seemed to keep going. His secret was his ability to cat nap. He would drop off for 15 minutes, wake up refreshed and off he'd go again. He was active for about 18 hours a day.
The slump in exports will increase concerns that Beijing will adopt new policies to protect exporters that might inflame trade tensions. However, chinese officials have said they are committed to avoiding a new round of protectionism in the global economy.
The measures, which are subject to cabinet approval, are intended to curb immigration from the two countries after they join the european union in January.
The ECB now thinks that the best way to deal with the credit crunch is to ensure that the eurozone banks are properly capitalised. The central bankers’ eyes are set on the review of the eurozone’s largest lenders, which the ECB will undertake before becoming their sole supervisor next year.
Japan has delivered its first Covid-19 vaccine dose even as a prefectural governor became the first senior politician to call for the cancellation of this summer’s Tokyo Olympics.
The summit is expected to be attended by more than 40 heads of state as the food price inflation of the past two years and recent food riots in some countries move agricultural policy to the top of the political agenda.
The number of scrambles rose to an all-time high of 1,168 in the year to March 2017, easily beating the previous record of 944 set at the height of the cold war in 1984. Chinese aircraft approaching Japanese airspace prompted 851 of the incidents, an increase of 280 over the previous year.
Across the UK universities and private companies are rushing to build top-notch accommodation blocks boasting free broadband internet, gyms and, in at least one case, a rooftop garden in London.
Language assistance isn't the only help out there for the hapless business traveller. The Foreign Office used to suggest you carried several photocopies of all your important documents, such as passports or credit cards. But in these days of identity theft many question the wisdom of having three copies of personal information in separate pieces of luggage. To this end, a company called Omneport offers a secure electronic storage space where you can store scans of all your key travel documents such as passports and tickets on their servers, giving you access to everything you've lost. "You just log on to our secure space on the web," says Gulliver Immink, managing director.
Housebuilders acknow-ledge they overshot in fast-growing states such as Nevada, but point out they have scaled back new construction and predict normal industry activity will resume next year as excess homes are sold off.
China has been advised by the uk government on how to establish a thriving private equity industry, with the Treasury passing papers on tax and regulation to Beijing as London seeks a strategic advantage over the US.
France yesterday tabled a compromise proposal that duties should last two years, rather than five as Peter Mandelson, European trade commissioner, proposed. mr mandelson called for tariffs of 16 per cent on Chinese and 10 per cent on Vietnamese imports.
If, as seems plausible, a scheme that imposes such pain on the financial sector would be rejected out of hand, the next best alternative would be injection of preference shares by the government into decapitalised institutions, on the lines proposed by Charles Calomiris of Columbia University. This would be a bail-out, but one that constrained the behaviour of beneficiaries, not least on payment of dividends. That would make it far better than dropping benefits on the unworthy, via mass purchases of overpriced toxic paper.
european officials rounded on christine lagarde on Sunday, accusing the managing director of the international monetary fund of making a “confused” and “misguided” attack on the health of Europe’s banks.
Well, that was fast. Way back on December 4, although there was a sense no one was deserving of the honour in 2008, American Banker continued its tradition and, for the second time in six years, hailed Ken Lewis, chairman and chief executive of Bank of America, as its “banker of the year”. The magazine lauded Mr Lewis for being “a critical force for stability in tumultuous economic times” and pointed to his two rescue missions during the year: of the mortgage lender, Countrywide Financial, for about $4bn (&#8364 3bn, &pound 2.7bn)  and, a few months later, the venerable Merrill Lynch, at a price that initially valued Merrill's equity at about $50bn in Bank of America stock. Even though Mr Lewis came “under fire” for the two deals, the magazine said, he “never backed off his belief that each target had value, not merely as an opportunistic purchase but also as a strategic one”.
The result is unexpectedly big increases in overall inflation: the consensus for world consumer price inflation in 2008 has jumped from the 2.4 per cent forecast in February 2007 to the 4.3 per cent forecast in June 2008. These jumps are modest, but not that modest. Nor is the forecast level. If people get used to the idea that inflation can jump like this, the notion may well become embedded in expectations, with dire consequences.
Different warnings, embarrassing retractions and untimely speculation about the bacteria from national agencies and authorities in Germany’s 16 federal states seem to have supplied an unnerved public at home and abroad with more questions than answers.
When former chinese president hu jintao visited the US in 2006, his first stop was a Boeing plant in Seattle. After his speech, one of the factory workers gave mr hu a bear hug and placed a Boeing baseball cap on his head. As the crowd stood to applaud, Alan Mulally, then chief executive of the company’s airline division, pumped his fist in the air and shouted: “China rocks!”
It is hardly news to the people of Barcelona and London, and before them the citizens of Paris and Brussels, Istanbul and Ankara, st petersburg and Stockholm, or Nice and Berlin, that jihadis inspired and incited by Isis can terrorise their cities, even as an array of forces recaptures Isis strongholds in Mosul, Raqqa and, now, Deir al-Zor. The islamic state caliphate, in all its monstrous vainglory, will perish. But jihadism, in all its blood-addled and doctrinal simplicity, would seem to have a fiery future.
Third parties, which consist primarily of advertising and analytics companies, typically use the information gathered from consumers who are tracking diseases, diets, bicycle trip distances and even menstrual cycles to build profiles or display personalised ads.
But governments have mostly made do with correlation, also known as watching what others are doing and copying the things that they like. This has been surprisingly effective for a couple of reasons.
With a wingspan of more than two metres, the X-8 commercial drone manufactured by China-based Skywalker Technologies is a favourite among hobbyists and aerial photography enthusiasts.
Three little words in the 102-page protocol that China signed when it agreed to join the world trade organization is turning into a litmus test for the institution itself: non-market economy.
The trump administration is exploring alternatives to taking trade disputes to the world trade organisation in what would amount to the first step away from a system that Washington helped to establish more than two decades ago.
The factory slowdown is rippling through Asia-Pacific markets. Manufacturing PMIs in Taiwan, Malaysia, the Philippines and Vietnam all showed declines in recent days.
"South Africa is one of the few countries in Africa that can take advantage of China's domestic market," said Lucy Corkin, the project director of Stellenbosch University's Centre for China Studies.
Another challenging area for Arts & Business was in spreading private investment outside London, which consumed 87.7 per cent of private funding.
The writer is international policy director at Stanford’s Cyber Policy Center
The health scares have so far not slowed China's surging exports, but have threatened to damage China's image as its businesses are trying to move to higher-margin goods.
The us senate has become the latest organisation to tell its members not to use Zoom because of concerns about data security on the video conferencing platform that has boomed in popularity during the coronavirus crisis.
Another partner on the team who was auditing a different public company became romantically involved with its chief accounting officer. In both instances, EY failed to take the appropriate action, the SEC said.
HSBC's 121 per cent pre-tax profit rise, to $11.1bn, for the first six months of 2010, sets the tone for a stream of uk bank results this week that are expected to be positive.
The astonishing bit about the Presidents Club saga is that the charity managed to find 360 people to say yes. That is partly because it was an all-male dinner. There is nothing wrong with single gender events on principle. But there is something odd about very large ones in a corporate context. It’s an odd hangover from the days when women found they couldn’t climb the career ladder because the real networking was conducted in places they weren’t invited to, over drinks they didn’t much like and long after they’d gone home to put the kids to bed. Not nice.
Mr Blinder, when challenged, shifted ground to arguing that, as services became tradeable online, the number of jobs that would become “vulnerable” would rise ipari passu/i, requiring adjustment assistance. However, there is hardly any serious trade economist who has objected to providing adjustment assistance. The first adjustment assistance programme in the US goes back to 1962. Virtually all trade legislation since has tried to improve on it. Many trade economists have written extensively on the subject.
In May, Acker Merrall & Condit, a wine auction company based in New York, sold HK$64m ($8.2m) worth of wine in its first Asian auction at the Island Shangri-La Hotel – an event that was expected to last six hours and raise $6m.
But a recent Council on Foreign Relations analysis shows how chinese shares closely track a slowdown in credit growth over the past year or so. This suggests that much of the drop was the direct result of China’s efforts to let the air out of asset bubbles.
Like its predecessor, the HP TouchSmart IQ506 – which runs the 64-bit version of Microsoft's Vista Home Premium – is aimed primarily at families. The touch-screen panel and customised HP touch interface, which complements Vista and addresses some of its weaknesses, make the TouchSmart ideal for use in busy family areas such as the kitchen or the living room.
Part of the “Basel III” reform package designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis, the LCR has come in for heavy criticism from bankers who say that it will constrain lending, harm economic growth and make the banking system vulnerable to sovereign woes.
（a href="http://news.enorth.com.cn/system/2006/08/22/001390664 02.shtml" target= blankhttp://news.enorth.com.cn/system/2006/08/22/001390664_02.shtml/a 引号内为原文。标黑处未查到原话）
In 2006, merrill lynch made more than $1bn in so-called “principal” investments on the Pacific Rim.
The Group of 20 leading economies proved its mettle in 2009 when leaders united to avert the depression that threatened. Four years on, that spirit of unity is broken, and policy co-ordination is proceeding haltingly, if at all. Today’s challenges are different, but crisis – political and economic – is again in the air. The world needs the G20 leaders to rekindle their willingness to work together when they meet in st petersburg this week.
What are the motivations of entrepreneurs who give? No doubt for some it is vanity or guilt, but I sense most do feel a moral obligation to give back and make a difference. They recognise that companies tend to come and go but that an intelligent charitable legacy can endure.
Q：How would you evaluate Chinese space exploration or space program in recent years?
Almost nine decades ago, Franklin D Roosevelt, then governor of New York, tried an experiment that made some journalists fume: he started using radio to broadcast directly to listeners. He did this partly out of curiosity, but he and his political team had a second motive: the Democrat Roosevelt wanted to find a way to talk directly to voters without relying on the local papers, which were largely Republican.
Details of the transaction are murky. The two buyers, who will split the cost, are described as “an associate of the Chairman who is a connected person and an independent third party.” The transaction, subject to shareholder approval, is expected to be done by February 29.
“I am a president of a sovereign state and we have long ceased to be a colony. I do not have any master except the Filipino people, nobody but nobody”, Mr Duterte was reported to have said when asked about how he would react if mr obama pressed him on the subject. “Son of a bitch I will swear at you”.
Industrial & commercial bank of China and china construction Bank, the country’s two biggest banks by assets, reported their biggest quarterly jump in bad loans in at least seven years, with rises of 9 and 10 per cent respectively.
Requiring customers to sign non-disclosure agreements when the company pays for repairs could prevent them reporting safety problems to regulators and put other customers at risk, said Carl Tobias, a professor at the University of Richmond School of Law. It “is against public policy and might even be illegal,” he said. “They’re saying it wasn’t the intent — but it’s the effect that matters.”
The winner, after 17 bids from a range of bidders, was her daughter-in-law for the sum of &pound 13.50. The ingenious Grandma Stewart not only raised money for a good cause, but prevented the annual arguments over what she is quoted as saying is the “perfect seat … straight in front of the TV and has got the coffee table at the side for you to rest your drink on and the TV remote, so everybody wants to sit there”.
Emotional finance recognises how uncertainty underpins all investment activity, although the consequent anxiety, doubt and stress are often suppressed. It also emphasises how reason often has little effect on judgment.
Yet, for the next few months, their elected representatives will be intent on ignoring them. Looking to November, each party sees greater advantage in blaming the other. What do policy and the standing of the institution matter, if tactical advantage can be gained over the other party? Candidates judge that exciting core supporters counts most. It does not matter if we Democrats (we Republicans) are widely held in contempt, so long as those Republicans (those Democrats) are disliked even more.
This week’s $99bn of us treasury debt sales concluded yesterday with strong demand from investors bypassing the primary dealer network that underwrites government bond auctions.
There have been cheerier get-togethers than Tuesday's 11th annual meeting of the steel trade associations of Korea and Japan, held in Tokyo. Delegates were voting no to everything: no to raw material price increases, no to quarterly pricing of iron ore (rather than annual), and no to the proposed production joint venture between Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton.
The announcement came hours after mr trump tweeted: “Iran is playing with fire. They don’t appreciate how ‘kind’ president obama was to them. Not me!”
John Tsang was previously director of the chief executive's office and is the only new face to join the triumvirate of senior officials who work directly under Hong Kong's leader.
Maoye International, the Chinese department store chain, is launching an initial public offering in hong kong to raise as much as $905m.
The government has also defended its use of Rela, which it says provides crucial support to an immigration department that would otherwise be overwhelmed by the illegal worker problem. In addition, Rela is seen as an important part of Malaysia's national defence force.
A recovery in China’s economy following its coronavirus outbreak has prompted a rebound in demand for oil, but analysts have warned that will not be enough to soak up a global glut that has resulted in a collapse in crude prices.
The next generation is here, and they want to change the world.
The Senate was supposed to be the easy part. Moreover, Mr Obama’s toughest opponents are within his own party — a new challenge after years of grappling with reflex Republican obstructionism. What remains of his trade agenda will depend on persuading Democrats to climb down and keeping Republicans onside. It also poses a test of America’s authority in an era of geopolitical rivalry. China does not suffer from procedural mishaps. mr obama must retrieve the initiative.
Last year Liu was sentenced to death, with a two-year reprieve, for rigging contracts worth about Rmb185bn during his seven-year tenure as railways minister beginning in 2004. His conviction was one of the first of a high-ranking official in Mr Xi’s corruption purge.
Ben Bernanke yesterday soothed concerns that the us federal reserve will cut short its asset purchases before the labour market improves.
The creation of dark pools comes as the Nasdaq and NYSE, seemingly content with their central role in their home market, seek to expand internationally - the NYSE through a planned merger with pan-European exchange Euronext and the Nasdaq through its stake building in the london stock Exchange.
Companies raised $91bn in Europe, accounting for about 38 per cent of the funds raised through flotations worldwide, up slightly from last year and marking the highest share since 2000 when the figure was 45 per cent of the market.
Revised growth figures yesterday showed that Japan's economy shrank by 1.2 per cent on an annualised basis in the three months to June. The fall in gross domestic product reversed a preliminary estimate that the economy had been growing at an annualised 0.5 per cent in the quarter.
That resulted in a $19.6bn trade surplus in November for China, its lowest in five months.
Shares in Shanghai surged by 9.29 per cent yesterday – their biggest daily gain for six-and-a-half years – as cuts in the tax on share trading announced late on Wednesday to boost investor confidence took effect. The composite index closed 304.7 points higher at 3,583.028.
La Compagnie Financi&egrave re Edmond de Rothschild refused to sell a 20 per cent stake to the Chinese lender at a lower price than the &euro 236m ($317m) it agreed with BoC amid much fanfare in September, the French company said yesterday.
With the selection of Paul Ryan as the Republican vice-presidential candidate, it is clear both political parties agree that the central issue in the presidential election will be the scale and scope of government involvement in the US economy. There will be disagreement over what constituted “normal” levels of spending in the past and indeed over what constitutes “spending”. But there is a widespread view in both parties that it is feasible and desirable that in the future the federal government will be no larger as a share of the overall economy than it has been historically.
Today, the simplification works the other way round. It has become common currency that the US is in decline and president barack obama represents an America that gladly accepts we live in a multipolar world.
However, a recent McKinsey report said China's IT sector was too fragmented and that domestic companies were not as accustomed as other countries to outsourcing non-core activities. It also said China lacked graduates with sufficient professional management skills.
Optimists see shadow banking as a largely positive development, the stirrings of a more sophisticated financial system in which interest rates break free of state control and risk is more closely matched with reward. For pessimists, shadow banking is an accident waiting to happen – Middle Kingdom subprime.
The writer is director of Bruegel, the European think-tank/i
Where is everyone? Like the most popular kid in the class that does not know why he has suddenly been deserted, the foreign exchange market could be forgiven for feeling a little bit bereft right now.
The last leg of the year is set to be a busy one for initial public offerings on both sides of the Atlantic, with companies including Italy’s Pirelli, Alibaba-backed Best Logistics and video streaming platform Roku lining up to list.
Chang, like Carrefour, could only return to the debate and be heard again by making a very public pronouncement about his support for “one China”. It is no accident that one of the most important political internet bulletin boards, run by the party's mouthpiece, the People's Daily, is called the “Strong Country Forum”.
However, that point would be several years away. Before then Las Bambas requires heavy capital spending to develop ($400m in the first three months of 2014 alone, which the consortium will also pay for). Keeping rating agencies at bay also takes priority given Glencore’s debt is high ($35bn, even after netting off trading inventories). Glencore’s BBB rating might be shored up if (say) a third of the Las Bambas cash is used to cut debt.
Nicolas Sarkozy, France's president, has urged Gordon Brown to leave behind his “outmoded” views on the european union when he takes over as british prime minister next month.
Conversely, companies with no women on their board tended to have below- average returns.
International exchanges have, by comparison, struggled to attract Chinese issuers, with those in the US in particular hit by perceptions among business executives that their companies would be subject to onerous regulation as well as the country's litigious environment.
It comes just days after news that inflation surged to 25.2 per cent in May, its highest level since 1992, spurred on by steep rises in the cost of food, construction and housing.
Volkswagen's chairman issued a clear signal yesterday that the volume carmaker was in the driving seat of its proposed merger with Porsche.
China has launched a fresh effort to boost its flagging economy with cash injections by the central bank, but signs are mounting that monetary stimulus is losing its effectiveness as debt-ridden companies lose their appetite for ­borrowing even at low rates.
Reducing leverage at banks will make the $4.6tn “repo” market – an important source of funding for the sector – smaller and correspondingly more expensive. Such is the latest worry about the litany of regulations meant to reduce risk at banks.
The sale of 17m shares by the family that founded Anglo will add to the speculation. “If the Oppenheimers are prepared to sell, then anybody's prepared to sell,” said an analyst on Friday.
Congratulations and commiserations: next week, you will take up one of the most important central banking jobs in the world  but you will also bear a frightful responsibility. The european central bank alone has the power to quell the eurozone crisis. You must choose between two paths: the orthodox one leads towards failure  the unorthodox one should lead towards success.
Over the last financial year, recruitment at Infosys Technologies and Tata Consultancy Services, the two largest Indian IT companies by market value, has been staggering. In the year to March 31, as sales surged 44 per cent to $3.1bn, Bangalore-headquartered Infosys hired no fewer than 31,000 new employees, taking its total workforce to 72,000.
Southampton has become the latest European football club to come under Chinese ownership, after real estate magnate Jisheng Gao sidestepped a mainland crackdown on overseas dealmaking to clinch a deal valuing the English Premier League at around £200m.
The substance of the regulation has avoided extensive public scrutiny, overshadowed by the coming into force of GDPR. This is unfortunate, because the law addresses essential issues of data privacy and introduces important paradigm shifts. And like GDPR, the law will apply to companies outside Europe, with heavy fines for infringers. But the proposed text contains serious ambiguities that, unless they are resolved, will only make it harder for Europe to get back in the race.
At least another 17 people were wounded at the Inland Regional Center, which provides services for more than 30,200 individuals with disabilities in Riverside and San Bernardino counties.
crude oil and gold prices surged to fresh highs yesterday amid renewed dollar weakness as investors sought refuge from a second wave of credit turmoil.
Investors controlling about $2.6tn in total assets have made commitments to cut back or sell out of their holdings in fossil fuel companies, campaigners say, signalling the growing momentum of the divestment movement.
This year, the horse-trading will be especially intense. Most of the seven members of the politburo standing committee — the nation’s highest ruling body — are due to retire this fall, leaving an opening for Xi Jinping, the president, to install his protégés in his second term and underpin his legacy.
“[It is] an unprecedented move for Intel to place one of its most senior executives in China,” the company said. “It underscores the importance of China, which is expected to become the single largest PC consumption market for Intel next year.”
Authorities in both Ukraine and Hungary insisted they were not in difficulties and Hungary's forint, which lost 7 per cent the day before, edged up 1.5 per cent.
These regulators have a carefully charted plan to reach that destination. But powerful market forces are now propelling China along this course far more quickly than intended and creating new, dangerous risks in their wake.
Economists said the US inflation figures made the federal reserve more likely to keep interest rates on hold. Drew Matus, an economist at Lehman Brothers, said: “The inflation numbers give the Fed more breathing room. This gives them a little more time to wait and see and let things develop.”
The question is how expensive the recommended actions would be. On this the review is encouraging. The economic costs of mitigating the rise in greenhouse gas seem modest. The review estimates them at as little as br1 per cent of global gross product, though, here too, there is a range of uncertainty. One per cent is itself just a few months of economic growth.
In the industrialised economies of central and eastern Europe, which started their transformation into market economies essentially without financial systems, it took almost a decade for fragile banks truly to extend credit beyond the government, large companies and rich individuals. But now well-capitalised institutions, often backed by foreign parents, actively support restructuring of privatised enterprises, extend loans to risky small entrepreneurs and finance the mortgages of people wanting to buy their own homes. As a result of better financial access, in the Baltic states people trust their banks even more than their political and legal institutions.
Xstrata yesterday made its most significant push into platinum with the $1bn purchase of South Africa's Eland Platinum Holdings but damped expectations that a larger deal was on the way.
Now, decoupling and such phrases have all sorts of conceptual issues with them. But in those years, it struck us as a good way to capture the likely slowdown in the us housing market, the shift of us monetary policy to an eventual easing, and the ability of the China-led BRICs story to help the rest of the world soften the impact of US weakness.
Lee Se-Dol said he was in shock at losing to a machine after it beat him in the first game on Wednesday. On Thursday, after losing the second contest, he said he could not identify a weakness in AlphaGo, saying: “At no time did I feel that I was leading, and I thought that AlphaGo played a near-perfect game.”
The entry level Xbox 360 Arcade will now cost Y19,800 ($183), down from Y27,800.
As a young worker, she recalls watching managers' faces closely during difficult times. Now, this financial services veteran believes her calm presence and persistent hard work will comfort her staff. During the turbulence she has tried to stay visible, supportive and upbeat, telling her staff: “It won't be like this for ever. We're transitioning from point A to point B.”
When vladimir putin welcomes leaders from a dozen countries for two separate summits in Ufa tomorrow, there will be echoes of the 19th-century Great Game.
Following Mr Trump’s intervention, China announced new restrictive rules on technology exports, which would have restricted ByteDance from selling its algorithms to a non-Chinese company.
Russ Alan Prince, president of Prince & Associates, a market research and consulting firm that works with the super-rich and their advisers, says Modern Bank is in a position to be "exceedingly profitable and exceedingly successful. It hinges on creating an open architecture, having the right people to interact with the clients, and getting the clients".
The election victory of Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union and the free-market Free Democrats is good for Germany's economy and business &ndash  but how good remains to be seen. The outcome is complex. Paradoxically, Germany appears to have shifted rightwards just when the financial crisis has exposed the pitfalls of policies traditionally associated with the right. In fact, the result is as much about the decline of Germany's two big parties and rise of smaller parties at either end of the spectrum. The CDU and Social Democrats, which once commanded 90 per cent of votes between them, this time took below 57 per cent, both scoring their worst result for nearly six decades. While the Free Democrats' 15 per cent is their best result ever, the Greens achieved the same feat and the populist Left party came close.
China's sovereign wealth fund, china investment Corp, is planning to increase its stake in Blackstone Group from 9.9 per cent to 12.5 per cent, according to a US regulatory filing.
The debut this week of China Coal hinted that a degree of common sense was entering the market. After so many feeding frenzies on the first day of trading, the shares in the coal producer only increased 32 per cent. But China Coal launched into a falling market during a moment of relative pessimism about the stock market in China and the economy.
My mortgage lender failed to remove a charge against me from the Land Register, thus preventing me from getting another mortgage – then took weeks to find out how to remove the charge. Another lender took nearly a month to remit funds under a loan agreement – five working days to send the forms, five working days to process them, five working days to pay the money. Shortage of staff seems a lame excuse when bank staffs are being laid off right and left.
“We'll donate anything else we can,” Mr Yan said. “The whole country cares about the refugees and the refugees want to know what's happening with the rescue operation.”
With so much cash on hand and the need to buy long-term assets that will match the long-term policies they are writing for their customers, office towers in prime downtown locations would seem like ideal investments. Companies such as Ping An and China Life are buying these properties ostensibly as capital investments for their own use.
But yesterday the dollar reached Rmb6.26 – its highest level since October 2012. The weaker daily fix, around which the currency is allowed to rise or fall by 2 per cent, shows that the People’s Bank of China is still nudging the rate down. The it’s-only-temporary theory was a bet that those borrowing cheaply in dollars and using fake trade receipts to change their money into the rising – and higher yielding – renminbi would soon stop if currency appreciation reversed. That might fix China’s erratic trade data and remove an unwanted source of currency appreciation.
The government could not “even hint” that it was reviewing its nuclear policy without compromising its position as a leading advocate of nuclear non-proliferation or its recognition by the international atomic energy agency as a country allowed to operate a full nuclear cycle.
Peter Harbison, executive chairman of the Centre for asia pacific Aviation, a Sydney-based consultancy, says: "Tony is clearly a strong leader, who has navigated a good course through a difficult period. I guess the thing about him that surprises me is that he not only made a totally wrong call on the prospects for LCCs in this region, but he apparently still - for whatever reason - staunchly maintains that they have no future . . . Pragmatism might not be his greatest strength."
The fund, which already owns stakes in Venice airport in Italy and the Port of Montreal in Canada, is one of the largest raised and vastly exceeded its original target of $2.5bn.
Ten Arab states, led by Saudi Arabia, announced during a visit by John Kerry, secretary of state, that they would join the US in a strategy to destroy the islamic state in Iraq and the Levant, Isis, “wherever it is, including in both Iraq and Syria”. The US received early support from France and Germany, and the UK, although contradictory statements in London left the full extent of Britain’s participation unclear. administration officials briefed members of Congress ahead of a vote, expected next week, to approve extra funding to train so-called moderate Syrian rebels to help in the fight.
The shipment sizes are tiny in a market supplied by local farmers rearing 500m-600m pigs a year but it is politically symbolic at a time of crisis in the local market.
The US general in charge of military operations in space said China's destruction last year of an orbiting satellite had dispelled the notion of space as a sanctuary and called for heightened international co-operation to share information about what was orbiting the earth.
Last week, the price of an EU carbon allowance briefly tumbled to a record low of €2.81 a tonne, heaping embarrassment on the EU’s flagship policy to combat global warming.
An alternative is to recruit a third player. The british government handed over control of interest rates to the Bank of England. Similarly, ask an early-bird friend to call every morning.
Between the second quarter of 2009 and the end of 2016, the us economy grew at a compound annual rate of 2.2 per cent. Over the past four quarters, it grew by 2.5 per cent. That is not a significant change. The big shift in growth — downwards, unfortunately — was after the financial crisis of 2008. The economy is 17 per cent smaller than it would have been if the 1968-2007 trend had continued. Since its recovery, in 2009, it has been on a far slower trend. This may change, but has not yet done so. The same is true for labour productivity, whose growth remains low. (See charts.)
Vietnamese gold traders have sent billions of dollars worth of high-grade gold jewellery to be smelted in Switzerland over the past two years to circumvent government restrictions on bullion exports.
Many trade lawyers and analysts expect the us department of Commerce's favourable response to a petition on coated paper imports from a manufacturer will also encourage other industrial sectors to seek similar relief.
george osborne will today (MON) sign a deal with hong kong aimed at helping turn the City into an offshore trading centre for the renminbi, in what the chancellor sees as a vote of confidence in London.
Most periods between the election of a new us president and the inauguration are relatively quiet, with a bustle of appointment-related activity going on behind the scenes but a lack of hostages to fortune given in public.
But this answer is not adequate. The problems are evident in these reports from the Shareholder Executive. The government owns businesses such as Royal Mail and the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority for a reason. The rationale of public ownership is that there is a strong public interest, not just in the financial returns from these activities, but in what these businesses do and how they operate. The government does not, cannot and should not have the same kind of relationship with the companies it owns as a private equity owner.
Chinese propaganda officials regularly send guidelines to the nation’s media about sensitive political subjects, telling them which words to avoid and how to frame their reporting. But it is rare for financial media to receive such instructions.
Mr Wen, speaking at his annual news conference at the close of the National People's Congress, said he was confident China would maintain “fast and steady” growth this year. But it could not avoid the impact of a downturn elsewhere.
The decision highlights increasing tension between the two partners.
A 200-mile stretch of waterway was contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls from GE’s capacitor manufacturing plants, which began using the toxins in the 1940s. The chemicals were banned in 1977 after being linked to cancer, and the EPA closed the river to fishing. GE battled with regulators for decades over the scale and shape of the clean-up.
Although small, the land sales are encouraging in that they bring some much-needed consolidation to the sector. However, it is not a done deal and a similar plan for the sale of a $190m land parcel to blue-chip developer China Vanke fell through in January.
“The affiliates of large business groups can survive even if they are not competitive,” he says. “I wanted to make the market function properly so that all those who make quality goods can survive in the market.”
But it is not clear that individual conservation will help as surging power demand has been driven by a huge expansion in energy intensive heavy industries, such as steel, construction, aluminium and chemicals.
The credit quality of the lending banks started to slip, triggering concerns about systemic risk. Spreads on swap instruments – proxies for banking liquidity that involve investors exchanging assets or an exposure to a cash flow – widened, which in turn put additional pressure on financial companies. As the liquidity crisis deepened, asset prices began to fall sharply. When the crunch ultimately came, there was a severe dislocation in asset prices.
Thousands of chinese students rallied in Seoul and a few threw bottles at critics demonstrating against Beijing's treatment of North Korean refugees. In Canberra, 10,000 Chinese were bussed in from Sydney and Melbourne, vastly outnumbering the pro-Tibetan independence protesters.
Why is it, readers often ask, that I never write about good corporate communication, but serve up an unvaried diet of bad.
The revised offer failed to quell concerns among minority shareholders, some of whom said the price was still too low and they were unhappy that under the deal, PCCW and Unicom would get a US$2.2bn cash dividend shortly after completion of the transaction.
Unemployment in Japan has fallen to its lowest level in 24 years as robust economic growth leads to a deepening shortage of labour.
“bOvernight the police, with the full knowledge of ministers, have carried out a major counter-terrorism operation to disrupt what we believe to be a major threat to UK and international partners,” said John Reid, home secretary, adding: “We think we have the main players in this conspiracy”.
chinese imports in December were down 21.3 per cent from a year earlier. Falling commodity prices explain some of this. China may also be cutting its reliance on importing parts from other countries in favour of building and assembling everything itself. This might explain the torrid decline in exports for Korea and Taiwan. But it still looks as though China is suffering a significant fall in domestic demand.
Fang Xinghai, who serves on a financial and economic policymaking group under premier li Keqiang, will take over as deputy chairman of the china securities regulatory Commission, Caixin reported.
The former Labour prime minister also admitted the war was based on faulty intelligence in what is seen as his most comprehensive mea culpa since the conflict. He said: “I also apologise for some of the mistakes in planning and certainly our mistake in our understanding of what would happen once you removed the regime.”
The number of early-stage financing deals fell 45 per cent in 2020, halving the new tech start-up count from the previous year to 3,131, according to data from ITjuzi, a chinese business information provider.
Shareholders don't think so. The share price of Intel, which had sales last year of $38bn, not to mention a market capitalisation of $85bn and $10bn of cash, barely moved on the news. The company disputes the finding and will appeal, further lengthening the process. European attempts at intervention with Microsoft, including then-record fines, trundle along, with little effect on the company's behaviour. Investors are far more interested in Intel's attempts to cut costs, improve margins and control inventories, the main subject of its analyst day on Tuesday.
Students at the University of Washington were offered a new course last month, entitled Calling Bullshit In the Age of Big Data. For the past couple of decades, week in and week out, I have been calling bullshit for this publication, and so was delighted to hear my favourite pastime had made it into academia.
Karel De Gucht, the trade commissioner, has arrived at the provisional duties figure after concluding that chinese manufacturers benefited from illegal government subsidies and then dumped their products – or sold them below cost – on the EU market, according to people familiar with the matter. The case is the EU’s largest trade investigation based on the €21bn in chinese solar products exported to Europe in 2011.
Still, Mr Mulcaire did give a context for the epidemic of hacking into confidential mobile phone and banking data that swept through Fleet Street in the 1990s and 2000s. “Working for the News of the World was never easy. There was relentless pressure. There was a constant demand for results,” he said.
China's current inflationary spiral, even though it is almost entirely the result of higher food prices, is another reason for a further delay.
The market is mercilessly correcting the excesses of the past. No one can predict when the adjustment will end. This leads some to say it is too early to start thinking of solutions. But we believe it is only responsible to start thinking now of how the state and private sector can work to define a new regulatory architecture. To my mind, this should adhere to three principles.
Further adding to the downside risks is the vulnerability of housing markets in high-income countries. The IMF's analysis suggests that France, Ireland, the Netherlands, Spain and the UK may be particularly vulnerable. But even Germany would be affected by a housing-led downturn in its European partners.
Haruhiko Kuroda, BoJ governor, was forced to defend the policy as he unveiled a range of tweaks designed to reduce unintended consequences in the financial system.
“We need a pathway to citizenship,” says Ms Hernandez, a “dreamer” – the term for young people brought to the US illegally but who know no other home and who want to become American citizens. Her parents brought her and her two younger siblings to the US when she was nine years old, in search of a better life.
China’s trade surplus narrowed last month, with imports growing much faster than expected though not enough to defuse political pressure on Beijing over the level of its currency.
The real start of problems for international funds in China can be traced back to the failed bid by china national offshore oil Corp for us oil firm Unocal in 2005.
These differences in price action suggest fundamental factors, rather than investment flows, are determining price direction.
Shinzo Abe, the chief cabinet secretary who is almost sure to become Japan’s next prime minister, is considered a foreign policy hawk whose stern attitude could further antagonise China.
PCCW, Hong Kong's dominant fixed-line telecommunications operator, chaired by Richard Li, the hong kong tycoon, faces a similar scenario.
The us tech group said it would suspend new business with Wistron after discovering that the Taiwanese manufacturer had violated its supplier policies by delaying payments to workers at a factory that makes iPhones near Bangalore in southern India.
Competition in Asia for senior bankers remains fierce and those with links to Indian and Chinese corporations are sought-after.
The programme in question was introduced earlier this month by two powerful Democrats in the House of Representatives. The bill includes aggressive climate targets to be met through a green house gas emissions cap and trade programme, where companies would be eligible for rebates to compensate for cost they incur. More controversially, the us government would be able to levy import taxes on foreign manufacturers to cover carbon contained in US-bound products.
That may be, for the moment, a sign-on too far. David Perry, a director of Cognito, a mobile workforce management systems group, has serious reservations: “I have a hard time understanding how you can take the money in existing financial systems, in transactions with, say, Barclaycard or Mastercard, and redistribute it in some way – giving the mobile operators a piece of it. You are not going to create any more transactions. And everybody has to agree on what this is and how it will work.
Cruisers are long and low  they have flat or high handlebars. They have forward foot-pegs and little cornering clearance. These defining characteristics describe a traditional Harley &ndash  but they also sum up what many buyers expect of any motorcycle. Just as most car drivers would regard with great suspicion any vehicle that did not have four wheels, most cruiser riders would not look favourably on a bike without these classic features.
Hong Kong's IPO market had a bad start to the year after record numbers of companies abandoned planned offerings.
The prospect of negotiating yet another series of hoops either before or after university “finals” is rarely welcomed among graduates.
And if you like Chocolate Mocha Spoonable Ice Cream Topping, let's not forget about The a href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=us:SJM" target= blankJM Smucker/a Company, which has a 2.5 per cent dividend and trades for just nine times cash flows. It has also increased dividends every year since 2000 and during the recent bear market was up more than 100 per cent, showing that you can take jobs away from Americans, but not their sweets.
However, some analysts contest Beijing's claims of steady progress on pollution and the methodology used to define “blue sky” days.
At a recent seminar held by one of the UK's regional orchestras, I was put on the spot: what steps did I think the orchestra should take to fulfil its ambition of becoming a market leader? I scrambled a response: to be considered one of the world's leading ensembles, you have to leave your mark on the world's leading concert halls.
But strong equity markets are what most brokers, bankers and wealth managers are still relying on in the fight against inflation. Theoretically, at any rate, this makes sense. Carl Astorri, Richard Batley and Jean-Maurice Ladure of Coutts, the private bank, recently reminded clients: “Equities are a claim on the real productive assets of the economy and are therefore naturally inflation protected.”
There has been manic growth among Chinese providers in recent years, with thousands of established providers and entrants launching funds. From 2013 to 2017, the number of mutual funds more than tripled to 4,419.
A recent study suggests that people equate physical strength in men with higher status and leadership qualities. Researchers showed participants photographs of young men and women dressed in undershirts to show off their shoulder, chest and arm muscles.
Bank of China is planning to launch a fund to invest in hedge funds, the latest sign of keen interest in the alternative investment industry from the world's third-largest economy.
A financial times analysis revealed that 66 per cent of listed chinese companies that reported third-quarter results showed a year-on-year increase in unpaid bills, called accounts receivable in accounting, as a proportion of sales, according to the S&P Capital IQ database.
“So overall there are few potential advantages to be gained from moving production to a country like China with the possibility to use low-cost labour,” Mr Vitelli concludes.
That would mark the spectacular culmination of a career spent running against a grey, male establishment using a mixture of charm, media-savvy, ruthless power politics and a gambler’s sense of timing. “What she has is decisiveness and guts,” says Takatane Kiuchi, a member of parliament who has defected to the Party of Hope.
J?rgen Elmeskov, OECD acting chief economist, told a press conference that if investment in US residential property continued to slide at its current rate, by the start of next year “housing construction would be in the deepest slump since our records began” in 1960.
Another 24bn tonnes of industrial wastewater was dumped by power plants and factories, many of them producing goods for multinational companies attracted to the country because of lower costs associated partly with lax environmental standards.
“The purpose of the invention is particularly to provide a simple, economic and efficient solution to these problems, or at least partially overcome the . . . disadvantages,” the application says.
The series of experiments provided a fascinating confirmation that financial incentives can trump social networks, with some precision and much detail about the mechanisms involved. Bandiera and her colleagues have now stopped the experiments, in the belief that there is nothing more to be gained from this particular seam of inquiry. The owner does not seem to agree: he's hired a consultant to keep on hatching new performance pay schemes.
Veteran UK fund manager Anthony Bolton believes that China’s “momentous” package of economic reforms, revealed last week, will be the catalyst that draws foreign investors back to one of the world’s worst performing equity markets.
One of the most vocal proponents of a pessimistic outlook has been Nouriel Roubini of new york University, who is also chairman of the RGE Monitor economics website. He has put the probability of a us recession at 70 per cent as he sees the weakness in the us housing market and in motor vehicle production spreading to the rest of the economy.
Economists also said the growth figures confirmed that Beijing's attempts to shift the focus of the economy to consumption and to cool investment in capital-intensive and energy-hungry industries had not yet succeeded.
cyber attacks have become a familiar, if depressing, feature of modern corporate life. For the most part they are small in scale and motivated principally by money. Their main implication is to administer a wake-up call to the IT department. Stronger firewalls are erected  the world moves on.
But it is not American consumers who are now driving the group’s success, but those in Indonesia or Korea or Germany. And the company is structured accordingly. It has shifted much of its production overseas and only 1,000 of its 13,600 employees are in the US. “Our number two is English, our head of manufacturing and sourcing is Belgian, our head of human resources is German, our head of tax is Czech, one of our group presidents is a Swede, the other a Colombian,” observes Rick Goings, Tupperware CEO. “We may be based in America but not a single piece of our DNA today is that of a purely American company.”
American lives lost in the second world war were “sacrifices in defending freedom”, Shinzo Abe told the us congress in an emotive speech which nonetheless stopped short of the reckoning with history his critics have called for.
Schumpeter is, McCraw suggests, the founder of modern business strategy. He is right to say that “Schumpeter's central preoccupations – innovation, entrepreneurship and credit creation – have played prominent roles in the formulation of these (business) strategies”. But Schumpeter's ideas relate to the role these factors play in the evolution of economic systems, not the planning of individual businesses. Indeed, his emphasis on the foibles of the entrepreneur, the unpredictability of outcomes and the power of evolutionary processes directly contrasts with the high rationalism that modern business schools teach or consultants promote.
The forecast, by the US government, came as a leading Opec producer said that the cartel was sticking to its strategy of keeping output steady and testing the mettle of high-cost producers around the world.
Ormazabal, a Spanish electrical components company that in spite of its size competes against Siemens and ABB, is taking a more down-to-earth approach and trying to help students at the engineering schools in Bilbao and Madrid with their projects. Guillermo Amann, the chief of staff for the head of the company, says: "We are trying to catch the students before they freeze and lose interest or go elsewhere." Weidmüller invites 10 students each year to a week-long "summer academy" at its headquarters where they work and socialise together. It also offers more places for apprentices than it needs and the demand is clearly there - for the 55 places on the three-year programme it receives at least 1,200 applicants.
A man driving a white van has ploughed into pedestrians near a Muslim centre in Finsbury Park, north London, causing several casualties in what Metropolitan Police described as a “major incident”.
Several – including the Vinum Fine Wine Fund, ARCH Fine Wine Fund, and the Curzon Fine Wine Geared Growth fund – are listed on the Channel Islands stock exchange (CISX).
Shares in Suning.com were temporarily suspended in Shenzhen on Thursday as Suning said that Zhang Jindong, the billionaire founder of the business, was among a group of shareholders looking to offload up to a quarter of the online subsidiary to industrial investors.
president-elect two weeks before his inauguration.
The struggle to hire qualified staff is most acute in financial services, a sector whose fortunes are closely correlated with the level of growth. Demand for consumer banking in India and China is soaring and investment banks are adding personnel to service the region's emerging acquisitive corporations.
More than 80 per cent of some 400 executives questioned by the academics John Graham, Campbell R.&#8201 Harvey and Shivaram Rajgopal admitted they would reduce spending in important areas such as research and development, maintenance and hiring in order to meet earnings targets. More than half said they would delay new projects even if it meant sacrificing long-term value.
However, doubts persist about China's environment, and for good reason. The challenge before the nation is herculean, considering that China is home to 16 of the world's 20 most polluted cities. As much as 10 per cent of China's farmland is polluted  roughly 700m of China's people drink water contaminated with waste. In 2007, China surpassed the US to become the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases.
Nationwide pork consumption peaked in 2014 when 42m tonnes were consumed, a figure that has fallen closer to 41m as Chinese eating habits shift to more beef and chicken, according to consultancy Euromonitor. But pork spending continues to rise, reaching $850bn last year, as consumers choose higher-quality cuts.
Australia's prime minister said the global recession and slackening chinese growth would result in a A$115bn ($73bn) tax shortfall over the next four years, forcing the government into a budget deficit for the first time since the 2001-02 fiscal year.
The Russian billionaire shareholders in the 50:50 oil venture half owned by BP are opposed to a renewal in Mr Dudley's Russian employment contract, which expired at the end of last year.
On balance though, whenever the terrain permits I generally prefer four legs to two. That is also because sitting high in the saddle you can spend more time looking around rather than at where next to place your boots.
. The firestorm over bonuses at AIG, the insurer rescued by the us government last year, made clear that we are in the midst of an overdue &ldquo cultural correction&rdquo  &ndash  that is, justified rage at the disconnect between any reasonable notion of &ldquo merit&rdquo  or &ldquo performance&rdquo  and financial reward. It is in the enlightened self-interest of business to acknowledge that it is both wrong and politically unsustainable to have chief executives routinely accumulating entrepreneurial-style wealth without taking entrepreneurial-style risk &ndash  or worse, while presiding over shoddy results or the actual demise of their companies.
Yet on a recent Monday morning in Ireland, Corpuz, who left his gangster life in the early 1990s and founded a group that works to keep kids out of gangs in South of Market, was bending the ear of Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Google, suggesting the company hire kids from his neighbourhood to create computer games.
An agreement to publish bank “stress tests” across the european union would mark a significant policy U-turn by Berlin. The european central bank believes greater transparency about the state of member states' banks could help to assuage investors' fears about the eurozone and has been exerting intense behind-the-scenes pressure.
Pictures in the North’s Rodong Sinmun newspaper showed the 31-year-old leader smiling and gesturing in his signature dark-buttoned suit, surrounded by top aides as he commended construction workers who had built a residential complex for scientists. He was also reported to have visited the newly built Natural Energy Institute of the State Academy of Sciences.
West African nations have imposed travel restrictions in a last-ditch attempt to stop the worst outbreak of Ebola, a disease with a mortality rate of up to 90 per cent that has killed nearly 700 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
falling demand for commodities is
However, rather than mulling the causes of the crisis, its EMBA programmes are looking to the thawing of relations with China as a cure to systemic institutional problems.
Of course, not every equity issue will benefit. The producers of internationally traded goods and services would be favoured, even more than they have been lately.
Stocks and the dollar are moving higher as traders welcome a stronger-than-expected US employment report, cementing evidence that the labour market in the world’s biggest economy is picking up steam.
Now that both the obsequies and the ritual condemnations of margaret thatcher are over, the time has begun for a more analytical look at her legacy. I am not a bad person to start this off as I was neither a passionate anti-Thatcherite nor regarded by her inner circle as “really one of us”.
Plans for an ambitious partnership between Russia’s biggest bank and China’s ecommerce group have fallen apart after nearly a year of negotiations, people familiar with the talks have told the Financial Times.
No wonder frequent-flying actresses speak of wishing to avoid a Lil' Kim situation. Thus the likes of Anne Heche, Angelina Jolie, Jennifer Aniston and Alyssa Milano these days favour convertible dresses such as the one made by Karanina: a wrinkle-free jersey number that rolls into a carry-on (even a 35cm x 45cm x 16cm one) and can be worn five completely distinct ways.
Some analysts see bigger dangers. “There is a significant risk that the current trade war . . . represents the start of a wider backlash to globalisation that ultimately leads to a disintegration of the liberal rules-based system that has governed the cross-border flow of goods, capital and labour over the past 70 years,” said Neil Shearing, chief economist at Capital Economics.
The drought in the US, which supplies nearly half the world’s exports of corn and much of its soyabeans and wheat, will reverberate well beyond its borders, affecting consumers from Egypt to China.
But executives say the issue is too sensitive to comment on publicly. “All of the retailers have to consider legal action,” said the spokesperson for one chain. “It has to be part of our armour.”
While there were winners and losers according to sector and region, EU exports, jobs and wages had grown since 1990.
He is survived by his wife, Nancy, and two sons.
The number of overseas trips by chinese tourists stagnated in the second half in 2018, although domestic tourism fared better. Only 69m tourists, roughly equal to the second half of 2017, travelled abroad, according to initial estimates released this week by the state-run China Tourism Academy. That was sharply down from growth of 15 per cent in the first half of 2018.
It therefore seems probable that winners and losers will emerge over the next 18 months, as companies along the value chain find themselves short of cash to fund the new investments required.
Stephen Bird, chief executive of Asia for Citigroup, said the bank was reaping the benefits of its efforts to help Chinese institutions develop products and technology as its sought to gain approval for its own new ventures.
Thanks to Ganni, Cool Girl From Copenhagen is now a global phenomenon. You’ll find it under the hashtag #gannigirls on Instagram, where this summer it’s all about a poison green seersucker check dress, or Alexa Chung in the leopard print bucket hat. In previous seasons it has been a statement “Cherry Bomb” T-shirt or a chunky hiking boot, or the printed midi wrap dresses that have become its signature.
Anti-US sentiment has grown in many parts of the world over the past five years but attitudes towards China, the strongest challenger to US hegemony, have also worsened, according to a survey of global public opinion.
The country’s annual motor show, which officially opened in Beijing this weekend after being delayed from April, is the only big international industry event to take place since the health crisis began.
Markets and governments face an uphill struggle to fund themselves next year amid extreme uncertainty over the eurozone and the global economy, as new figures reveal that the borrowing of industrialised governments has surged beyond $10tr this year and is forecast to grow further in 2012.
The very sight of him advancing down the corridor was enough to make me feel anxious. When he was being nice, his face looked the same as when he was horrid and so I started to wonder if his praise was ironic. It was most disconcerting.
It is understood that ABN Amro and sun hung kai financial will today announce that they have traded a “property swap” based on Hong Kong's residential market.
Hunan Valin Iron & Steel on Tuesday joined the swelling ranks of chinese investors in debt-strapped Australian resources companies by agreeing to buy a 16.5 per cent stake in a href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=au:FMG" target= blankbFortescue Metals/a for A$1.2bn ($771m).
Universal's suit claims that MySpace, owned by News Corp, is a “willing partner” in copyright infringement. “No intellectual property is safe in the MySpace world of infringement,” it says: not songs, not music videos, not even an unreleased album by the rapper Jay-Z, which turned up on MySpace before it showed up in the stores.
So you have to hand it to Tom Glocer of Reuters for trying so hard with his blog. I particularly like the way he tells us on his MySpace entry that his “sexual orientation” is “straight”. He has a picture of his dog Luna on the site and tells us how he likes the music of Wyclef Jean, Springsteen (early) and Debussy.
The appeal court's judgment, he says, will affect not only high-earning City traders but thousands of other employees on far lower salaries, who may be less equipped to scrutinise employment contract terms and arguably are in more need of protection. "I suspect the legal profession was evenly split on whether UCTA applied [to employment contracts]. The issue needed to be clarified by the House of Lords - and now we're being deprived of that. The unions ought to be up in arms about this," he says.
Mr Barney was president and chief operating officer at Asia Global Crossing, whose US parent had gone bankrupt, when a China Netcom-led consortium acquired the regional undersea cable operator in March 2003.
Taiwan's economic and cultural office was listed as donating between $1m and $5m. The Australian government's aid arm, AusAid, donated between $10m and $25m, as did the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The states of Kuwait, Qatar and Oman each provided more than $1m.
While most of those who were charged with rioting were students, the variety of professions involved in the protests shows how many middle-class hong kong residents are also participating in the demonstrations.
The world's biggest milk supplier is teaming up with a Chinese partner to meet growing demand for infant formula in China's NZ$18bn market.
The crowd was at the heart of some of the most memorable events of 2011, demonstrating the power of the group driven by common identity and capacity for decision-making. They are classic examples of the herd mentality – the shared and self-regulated thinking of individuals in a group – an area of study popular with sociologists and psychologists.
The steel market must expect a shock – but where from and when? Nobody knows, for if they did and could convince others, it would not be a shock: the market would factor it into its risk assessment.
Food processing and agriculture would be the only sectors initially opened to “less skilled’’ nationals from Bulgaria and Romania.
The next candidate for the post will come under intense political scrutiny, especially from the conservative movement, over the idea that mr bernanke did far too much. It would be troubling if his successor were to agree: year-over-year inflation rate is the lowest in 50 years, while unemployment still remains high at 7.6 per cent.
Pakistan’s main opposition leader and former prime minister has appealed for Chinese expertise to build hydroelectric dams to help his country in urgently overcoming crippling power ­shortages.
Since the shanghai stock exchange was founded in 1990, chinese investors have only been able to bet on prices going in one direction &ndash  up.
The international monetary fund has called for a regulatory crackdown on asset managers, including the introduction of stress tests that would mirror those in place for the banking system.
Nickel prices tumbled 5 per cent, while copper and zinc fell almost 3 per cent and gold prices traded at levels more than 7 per cent lower than before the start of last week's market turmoil.
Famous for decades as a haven for IP theft, Beijing has had an uphill battle persuading Chinese and foreign companies to rely on domestic IP law to protect their valuable assets.
Most of the decline in Japanese private spending and borrowing in the 1990s was, argues Mr Koo, due not to the state of the banks, but to that of their borrowers. This was a situation in which, in the words of john maynard Keynes, low interest rates – and Japan's were, for years, as low as could be – were “pushing on a string”. Debtors kept paying down their loans.
Hopes are rising that chinese investors will rediscover their appetite for investing overseas.
At a conference in Vienna last week, a perceptive speaker said that “muddling through” was actually a sound strategy in many circumstances.
Caterpillar announced last week that it had uncovered “deliberate, multiyear, co-ordinated accounting misconduct” at the Chinese company, ERA Mining, it bought less than a year ago. Caterpillar said the discovery forced it to take a charge of about $580m – knocking out almost a tenth of the company’s 2012 earnings.
Unlike the rest of the world, China’s economy seems to be steaming ahead. The country notched up a record trade surplus in October, when exports rose 19 per cent year-on-year. November data is expected to show only a slight deceleration. Yet such a level of growth is unsustainable, given the contraction of global demand. It is also not the full story.
Russia finally entered the world trade organisation yesterday after 19 years of tortuous stop-start negotiations that meant the country was the last big economy outside the global trade body.
And Beijing? “Beijing's added value will be in providing the biggest Games,” Rogge says.
Chinese airlines and financial leasing companies have the largest order book outside the US for the 737 Max. The model is also central to Boeing’s plans, accounting for 80 per cent of the undelivered aircraft in its pipeline.
Later, James Worthy, a sociologist-turned-executive, wrote in 1950 of increased autonomy for employees leading to improved morale and productivity.
Rather than seek a grand bargain,   analysts believe Beijing will try to peel away would-be US allies, in part by pointing to China’s shrinking current account surplus, a frequent complaint among trading partners in the 2000s.
AW: She did? That's good. I wanted people to say whatever they wished in The Chelsea Girls. If it was intelligent, a few people would recognise it. If it was inane, we would all recognise it. As for dislocation, Marcel Duchamp said that all one needs to transform an object into something new is to place it in a context that effaces its function.
The us securities regulator is pushing more companies to disclose how much cash they hold offshore, as attention focuses on the impact of tax rules that encourage us companies to keep earnings overseas.
Ninety-five per cent more surveyors thought prices were falling in their area in April than those reporting a rise, compared with a balance of 79 per cent the month before. A balance of 80 per cent expected prices to fall further.
Mr Putin's hosting of the forum capped a week in which he dominated the international stage. He warned last Monday that Russia might target nuclear missiles at Europe if the US built a missile shield in Poland and the Czech Republic, then offered a compromise at the G8 summit involving switching part of the US system to Azerbaijan.
The european central Bank’s mandate allows it to fight excessive borrowing costs for eurozone countries, mario draghi said yesterday, sparking a market rally amid hopes the bank would intervene to buy sovereign bonds.
Mr Panitchpakdi said, however, that financial instability and high energy prices made the forecasts uncertain. Partly for this reason, Unctad expects FDI this year to grow at “a somewhat slower rate than in 2006”, when inflows rose by 38 per cent compared to 2005.
The report documents the failings of Tepco, the power company that ran the Fukushima plant, the bureaucracy with regulatory responsibility for the nuclear industry and the government of prime minister Naoto Kan. It describes a culture of collusion inside Japan’s “nuclear village”, which put the interests of power producers ahead of public safety and wilfully ignored the risks of a major nuclear accident in an earthquake- prone country.
It is encouraging that the globalisation debate is no longer a “knock ’em over, carry ’em out” confrontation between globophiles and globophobes. The International Confederation of free trade Unions and World Confederation of Labour have never belonged to either camp. People can only benefit from a climate in which it is no longer taboo to talk about regulation of global markets, nor de rigueur to disqualify those who do as outmoded defenders of special interests. We are more closely in touch with people’s needs.
Sterilisation has been profitable in recent years for the PBoC because of the spread between low Chinese rates and the returns offered by US Treasuries.
London has overtaken new york to become the world's wi-fi capital, as a huge number of new businesses set up wireless networks.
China’s securities firms will enjoy the heat. Average daily trading volumes in Shanghai and Shenzhen in December have been about $110bn, compared with a daily average in the first half of $17bn, according to Bloomberg. Investors have connected the dots. Bloomberg’s index of Chinese brokers has nearly doubled since late October.
The traditional view is that monetary policy should be aimed at stimulating growth and employment as long as price stability is ensured. On the proviso that inflation expectations are well anchored and the central bank’s inflation projections are within target, interest rates can be kept as low as possible to foster consumption and investment. The exchange rate is determined by financial markets as a result of the different monetary policy stances across countries, which are in turn determined by different cyclical positions.
The best performers for the day included exchange operator hong kong exchanges and Clearing, which rose 5.4 per cent, while snack and beverage maker Want Want China jumped 5 per cent and and dairy company China Mengniu Dairy gained 4 per cent.
Until recently simply asking this was heresy, especially as business schools have multiplied dramatically over the past 30 years.
For example, Guangdong Hongda, once a metals and mining company, sprouted a subsidiary in 2011 that produces short-range missiles and other explosives that can be mounted under drones and manned aircraft.
More broadly, some strategists still debate how long the good times can continue for emerging markets, particularly if global interest rates rise.
Of the six chancellors who led West Germany between the end of the second world war and its 1990 reunification with the east, none wore the mantle of statesmanship at home and abroad with more poise and more trenchant professionalism than Schmidt.
When executives at Valencell, a North Carolina-based tech company, agreed to meet Apple researchers in 2013 to discuss the heart-rate sensor technology they had developed for mobile fitness trackers, they probably envisioned a potentially lucrative partnership with one of the wealthiest companies in the world.
The news comes amid new evidence of the rapid encroachment of the internet into the public's shopping habits. Britons are expected to spend a record &pound 7bn ($13.3bn) online in the run-up to Christmas day – double that for the same period of 2004 – according to the Interactive Media in Retail Group.
GM's total worldwide payroll, including blue-collar workers, has fallen from 327,000 at the end of 2005 to 252,000 as of the end of September 2008.
Oh, the joys of a emibona fide /i/emcommand economy. Loan growth, the aim of pump-priming governments everywhere, is running at an annual rate of almost 25 per cent in China. Banks made $280bn of new loans in March alone. In the eurozone, by contrast, credit is shrinking.
The last person to see George Orwell alive was probably the poet Paul Potts. Finding his friend asleep in his sickroom in University College Hospital, London, Potts left a packet of tea for him.
Third party candidates do not win in America — they usually come away with nothing. But 2016 is different. The political laws of gravity are in suspension. If there was ever a moment for a new york billionaire to roll the dice, now would be it. The question is what would happen if he did.
The japanese economy contracted by 0.5 per cent in the third quarter, new revisions show, versus a 0.4 per cent fall in an an earlier estimate.
Sands China, which operates las vegas Sands' three casinos in Macao, fell as much as 15 per cent when its shares began trading in hong kong yesterday, hit by concerns over the health of the world's largest gambling market.
But at the weekend, Beijing started serving us citizens its own side of the story, as China Central Television, the national broadcaster, launched US-produced programming.
Hundreds of civilians were killed after rebels in South Sudan captured a key oil town in the north of the country, the UN said yesterday, in what it described as one of the bloodiest chapters in a five-month-old conflict.
Beijing officials this week issued their first red alert after particulate readings rose to hazardous levels, forcing closure of factories and many schools.
European and Latin American trade officials are close to a deal over bananas that would end the longest-running dispute in the history of the world trade organisation and could lead to lower prices for consumers.
Beijing has pulled back on plans to license technology groups to develop “social credit” scores for consumers, based mainly on their online activity, amid concern over conflicts of interest, industry analysts said yesterday.
Hannah Philp, its 35-year-old co-founder, came up with the idea while working in financial services. Her commute across the city was a nightmare, “but I didn’t want to work from home because I lived alone and it just wasn’t appealing”.
Wang Wenzhi, a journalist at a newspaper controlled by Xinhua, made his claims about Song Lin, the chairman of China Resources Holding Co, in an open letter addressed to the communist party body in charge of breaches of party rules including corruption.
The sales pitch is part of a grab several asian countries are making for Chinese high rollers seeking a more discreet alternative to Macau, after Beijing launched a crackdown on money laundering and ostentatious wealth there.
david cameron could scarcely have crouched any lower during this week’s visit to China. For his compatriots, the British prime minister’s enthusiastic self-abasement was, well, embarrassing. It did not change anything. Before mr cameron had boarded his flight home China’s state-controlled media was characterising Britain as an insignificant relic, of passing interest to tourists and students.
Just one thing. If you must blow the whistle, keep it all in-house. If word got around - say, to readers of the FT - that your MBA is a shambles, that really would be bad for your career prospects. So I have done you all an economic favour and left the name of your college off this letter.
Yet China’s correction has little to do with manipulation. The market is only returning to normal after big parts — though not all — of it became wildly overvalued. Yes, violent corrections can hurt the real economy. But intervening in this way is dangerous. It distorts price information that guides asset allocation, storing up trouble for the future  and it amounts to fiddling with private property, undermining the trust that underpins all markets.
The question is why or, rather, why now? Methods to encourage the regrowth of hair have been around since the time of ancient Egypt, when techniques included the application of snake oil or the menstrual blood of virgins. According to trichologist Philip Kingsley, hair plugs are not a new concept: they were first created in 1956 by an American dermatologist called Norman Orentreich. At the time, says Kingsley, &ldquo they caused quite a stir, but the problem was they looked like the hair on a Barbie doll: each visible plug had eight to 10 hair strands.&rdquo
Worries about air pollution and food safety have clouded Beijing’s otherwise smooth countdown to the Games.
The first thing to note: it doesn't change much. Almost as soon as gay marriage was introduced, it faded from Dutch political debate. The unprecedentedly angry political arguments in the Netherlands since September 11 2001 have been about Muslims, Brussels and social class. Even when the Christian Democrats re-entered government in 2002, they never tried to ban gay marriage. Only one in nine Dutch people now opposes the institution, says the state's Social and Cultural Planning Bureau.
Mr Gezen recognises that “every country will want their project first” and that political rather than economic considerations might come into play.
I live part of the year in London and part in Mongolia. My job is to research emerging markets for my property investment company, and most of my travel is to Mongolia, Myanmar, Thailand and Hong Kong. But I live in Chelsea in London for about four months every year and walk through Hyde Park to our offices in Mayfair each morning. We have offices in Yangon, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Ulan Bator, and I spend the rest of the year travelling. I must clock up about 100,000 air miles every year.
Bank notes, or banks’ interest-free liquid deposits at the central bank, are assets of the private sector, but in no genuine sense are they liabilities of the state, since they cannot be swapped for any other assets. In the last resort, the government can exchange pieces of paper, which are in infinite supply at zero marginal cost, for goods and services produced by the private sector, and assets owned by them.
Cocoa prices have risen 70 per cent in the last year, bucking the weakness in overall commodities prices. The drop in sterling, which has fallen to almost parity with the euro, has helped to push London-based, sterling-denominated cocoa futures higher, but analysts said the main factor was low supplies.
The fire broke out just after dawn near Dehui in Jilin province. The provincial government said it sent more than 500 firefighters and more than 270 doctors and nurses to the scene, evacuating 3,000 people living nearby as a precaution.
But the banks will also have to subtract items such as goodwill, some tax credits and minority investments from equity and retained earnings. The aim is to make this key measure of capital reflect the equity that would be available to absorb losses in a crisis.
Officials said Shanghai Financial Holdings, which is expected to be headed by Ji Xiaohui, chairman of Shanghai Pudong, would have a role in supporting Shanghai companies as they go abroad.
In past years, property developers were often able to access credit through China’s shadow banking industry, the Rmb62.9tn ($9tn) market for off-balance-sheet debt channelled from banks and trust companies, among other financial institutions, according to Andrew Collier, managing director at Orient Capital Research. But a crackdown on shadow banking has made companies much more reliant on the public capital markets.
These concerns about inequality have put the government on the defensive in a number of areas of economic policy. Facing a wave of allegations about corruption in privatisations, the government banned management buy-outs of large state-owned companies.
It was the same during the downturn of the early 1990s. Then, one acquaintance obtained a graduate traineeship at a large bank by bumping his third-class degree up to a 2:1. A journalist colleague meanwhile admitted to me that his degree from a top university was entirely fictional. Another contemporary explained away a year lost to bone idleness by telling prospective employers that he had been writing a field guide to the wild flowers of the Pyrenees. I might have lied on my own CV, if an east coast Scottish upbringing had not lumbered me with the subliminal conviction that I would burn for eternity in hell if I did.
Although the shares fluctuated around $600 during the morning in New York, their performance will serve as another reminder of the enormous wealth created by the nine-year-old Mountain View, California-based company since it went public at $85-a-share in August 2004.
Mr Winters, the former head of investment banking at JPMorgan, will in June replace Peter Sands, 53, as CEO at the London-listed bank, which has suffered two years of falling profits and growing pressure from its biggest shareholders for a change in top management.
Wang Huaqing, assistant chairman of the china banking regulatory commission (CBRC), said Beijing planned to issue detailed regulations for implementation of the rules within a week. The rules open the chinese market to locally incorporated units of foreign banks.
Large employers such as Foxconn faced official checks and constantly changing policies focused on halting the spread of the coronavirus.
Some, like Mr Smith, express concern about the way clients are treated. Perhaps most worryingly for Lloyd Blankfein, the bank’s chief executive, some think change is needed at the top.
The semiconductor division should account for just over half of operating profits this year, from less than a quarter of sales. But the other unit is showing signs of suffering from years of prioritising speed over innovation  reacting, rather than acting. This is more than mere cyclicality. Five years ago, for every dollar it spent on selling and marketing, Samsung spent 58 cents on research and development. Last year that ratio fell to 1:0.48. At brand-fixated Apple, relative R&D spending rose by 2 cents during the same period, to 24.
One in 10 investors in private equity are likely to default on commitments to invest funds in the next two years, research has suggested.
For Indians going overseas for the first time, Singapore and Dubai with their endless shopping and dining are more attractive destinations. For some Indian tourists the exposure to Bali's village life is too close to home to be enjoyed as a holiday.
But there are risks attached. hong kong stock exchange objected to a structure that created two share prices: in some cases, the investment period was not much longer than the listing process. In India, moves were taken to lock in pre-IPO investors, hence depriving them of the ability to cash out during the boom listing period.
Yesterday there were mixed performances from the main chinese stock indexes. Shanghai’s hard-currency B-share index leapt 7 per cent amid fresh talk of a merger with renminbi-denominated A-shares, though this was denied by the securities regulator.
The early indications are that such reforms are paying off. Over the past decade, the performance of US students in maths and science improved more rapidly than any other advanced country, according to a 2005 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development comparison of the maths and problem- solving skills of 15-year-olds in developed countries.
KazMunaiGas submitted a “notice of investment dispute” — the first step in a legal process that could lead to international arbitration — to the Romanian government, according to a letter from the company’s lawyers seen by the FT.
Eros has expanded its audience beyond the Indian diaspora by dubbing its library of 1,300 films into local languages, to be shown on television in 50 countries across the world.
In 2005, the government introduced a plan to make these shares tradeable but it imposed lock-up periods for this type of equity in order to prevent an extensive selling of shares that would depress the market.
The agenda of the ECB’s review has yet to be finalised but two people involved in the discussions said the environment was likely to feature in the first such comprehensive review for the institution since 2003.
The european central bank plans to revamp its system for guiding interest rate policy to take better account of credit and money supply data, as well as threats posed by asset price bubbles.
The aircraft, which had come from Moscow, departed from Sochi at 5.30am local time after a refuelling stop and disappeared from the radar within minutes. By mid-morning the defence ministry said a search mission had spotted the wreckage and some bodies off the Black Sea coast.
THE LONG TAIL（采自网上多数译法）
Cowell’s Viking hero Hiccup Horrendous Haddock the Third has a tame dragon for a best friend — but far humbler creatures are found in Nick East’s Agent Weasel and the Fiendish Fox Gang
The guidance from the State Council, China’s cabinet, calls for a shake-up of SOEs with share sales and management changes planned to reduce losses and improve efficiency, reported Xinhua, the official news agency yesterday.
Rural Chinese remain frugal when it comes to spending on items from white goods to cars, because they are focused on providing their own safety net for health costs and retirement, the survey found.
Shenzhen Connect will add 880 stocks to the list of nearly 600 available in Shanghai, giving access to three-quarters of the mainland-listed universe. The quality is even more noteworthy. Shanghai’s exchange has a far higher presence of stodgy state-owned enterprises  less than one-third of the index consists of privately established companies. Three-quarters of Shenzhen’s index, by contrast, comprises non-SOEs. Many of these are in higher growth “new economy” sectors, such as healthcare and technology, giving overseas investors more ways to express their views on China’s economy.
Some dealmakers are bullish that the region's biggest economies will bounce back quickly compared with those in the US and Europe.
Shares in Evergrande dropped as much as 5.6 per cent on Thursday, marking another choppy day for China’s second-largest property developer.
The deal, which increases Tesla’s reliance on supplies from the Democratic Republic of Congo, is a boost for Glencore’s cobalt business after a two-thirds slide in the metal’s price over the past two years to about $30,000 a tonne.
Anyone looking for signs of coming strains on Asia Inc as the end of easy central bank money looms needs look no further than the voracious borrowing by chinese companies in the us dollar bond markets.
In its boldness, this move by the democratically elected leader of so vast a country makes everything that us president donald trump has done so far look trivial. Should one regard it as a decisive action in India’s war against tax evasion, the black economy and pervasive corruption? Or is it a damagingly arbitrary act by an illiberal democrat? Today, it seems a bit of both. In the long run, it depends on what happens next.
The japanese prime minister's remarks &ndash  made in an interview with the financial times &ndash  underline the wide differences among world leaders as they head to London for tomorrow's G20 meeting on the global slump.
british prime minister theresa may has moved to revive her faltering election campaign with a pledge to embrace “the promise of Brexit”, amid falling poll ratings before next week’s vote that have alarmed her Conservative party.
So let the monetary policy committee stick to its mandate, make measured cuts in response to the careful analysis of prospects and leave the theatrics to others.
It is of little surprise, then, that last year one-quarter of candidates turned to admissions consultants to give their application an edge, according to the Graduate Management Admission Council.
What, then, are, the basic contours of a comprehensive financial sector strategy?
The big gas-dominated deals of 2006 included: the Gazprom-Shell deal, Statoil buying Norsk Hydro, Anadarko purchasing Kerr-McGee and Anadarko buying Western Gas Resources. The biggest oil deal last year was put together by an independent oil company – Royal Dutch Shell – which offered to pay C$8.7bn ($7.4bn) for the part of Shell Canada it does not own. It is still waiting to find out if enough minority shareholders accept its offer.
Asian component suppliers yesterday responded to allegations that they paid kickbacks to a former Apple procurement executive in return for business.
The acquisitions will be proof of Citic's emergence as an important energy buyer for Beijing, which up to now has relied on china national petroleum Corporation, Sinopec and Cnooc. Citic completed the $1.9bn purchase of Kazakhstan oil assets from Nation's Energy in January.
A us navy surveillance jet was warned to turn away by the Chinese navy as it approached Fiery Cross Reef, according to a CNN team that was invited aboard the flight. “This is the Chinese navy,” the English-language transmission said, according to an account by CNN on Thursday morning. “Please go away . . . to avoid misunderstanding.”
The China-driven boom of 2009 and 2010, when there was a wave
The global economy is facing a crisis of confidence worsened by “policy indecision and political dysfunction,” according to Christine Lagarde, managing director of the international monetary Fund.
Four years later, and nearly a year into the coronavirus pandemic, the skies suddenly seem to have brightened. Vaccines have brought into sight if not the elimination of Covid-19 then at least the capacity to bring it under control. It is perfectly possible to imagine that by mid-2021, at least in rich societies, life will have returned to something like normal. Economies will pick up, unemployment will start to fall and borders will reopen. To the extent that the virus persists, it will be manageable.
The low end of that range came to national attention in April, when the eastern city of Wenzhou told local homeowners who held 20-year usage rights that they had to pay a third of their homes’ value to renew them.
For the Chinese economy, though, there was a price to pay. Total debt in
But as well as a multitude of low-paid factory workers, the country's manufacturing boom has also created a large and growing number of emibaofahu/i/em &ndash  literally, the &ldquo suddenly wealthy&rdquo . Their shopping habits and changing tastes are reshaping global trade flows at the other end of the production chain.
Perhaps global mining investors already feel this. Shares in Vale are down a fifth this year – more in line with the 17 per cent decline in the Ibovespa than the share price performance of another miner refocusing on iron ore, Rio Tinto (down 7 per cent).
“China has a shortage of skilled labour,” says Mr Flatz during a tour of the Heshan factory southwest of Guangzhou.
The cost of loan repayment is particularly high for students from outside the US who apply for loans from US institutions. This is because credit references are not required and also the lenders find it harder to track down students on graduation if they return to their home countries.
The mainstream approach starts with a combination of rational argument and inflated rhetoric about the economic consequences of international integration. Studies are produced about the jobs created by trade agreements, the benefits of immigration and the costs of restrictions. In most cases the overall economic merits are clear. But there is a kind of Gresham’s Law of advocacy whereby bolder claims drive out more prudent ones. Over time this has caught up with the advocates of integration.
The EU bans, together with similar measures adopted by the US, have all but frozen Russian companies and banks out of western capital markets, at a time when they have to refinance more than $130bn of foreign debt due for redemption by the end of 2015.
Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Goldhas engineered a dramatic re-entry to the oil business with two deals costing a total of about $20bn, buying Plains Exploration and Productionand McMoRan Exploration.
And some have already begun back-up preparations to move to Switzerland in case the rules &ndash  described by one manager as a &ldquo French plot against London&rdquo  &ndash  are not rewritten. new york is also a possible destination, according to another.
PetroChina has agreed to pay C$5.4bn (US$5.4bn) for a 50 per cent stake in a large natural gas field in western Canada owned by Encana, the Calgary-based oil and gas producer.
chinese financial institutions extended Rmb8,185bn ($1,199bn) in local currency loans in the first eight months of this year, an increase of 164 per cent from the same period in 2008, a credit binge analysts say has been facilitated by a serious relaxation in lending standards.
But with Venezuela's finance minister this week promising the proposed Bank of the South will start to distribute loans as early as next year with backing from Argentina, Bolivia, Ecuador, Paraguay, and possibly Nicaragua and Brazil, traditional multilateral lenders are facing up to the possibility of a competitor.
After he received information about the order, Mr Callahan did not approach lawmakers to correct his earlier testimony. The existence of the order was made public after a San Francisco-based human rights group released the documents.
The trend has the potential to remake Berwick, not just economically but culturally, as the former backwater draws in buyers from sophisticated metropolitan centres. “Berwick has always been hugely insular, a world of its own, a mish-mash of English, Scots, Geordies and Borderers. But now we are getting a new kind of customer. People who demand better amenities,” he says.
wealth managers – as private banks are increasingly called – have shifted away from the brokerage model of selling a range of products in return for commissions. Instead they are trying to be allocators of assets, advising clients on the range of their portfolio including their exposure to share options, property, hedge funds, private equity and other assets.
VW previously announced its two china joint ventures would invest an additional €15bn in their operations in 2022, when the 50 per cent cap on conventional cars would be lifted. The caps on new-energy vehicles and commercial vehicles will be scrapped by the end of this year and 2020, respectively.
Companies from Anta, the Chinese sportswear brand, to air china to the Chinese Post Office are all vying to capture the spirit of patriotic triumphalism that dominates the world's second-largest advertising market. Advertisement after advertisement plays on broadly the same theme: Chinese athletes rising above the toiling masses to glory. Most touch the same pressure points, making it hard for consumers to differentiate one product from another.
Here the remarkable comeback story of Ms Stewart is given as a case study. A steady publicity campaign that included testimonials from friends and supporters and her own open lettersto fans meant that, even before she had finished her prison sentence, the share price of her company, Martha Stewart Living, hadfully recovered.
The us federal reserve is reconsidering the way it deals with asset price bubbles in the wake of the housing and credit bust in a move which could see the central bank using extra regulation – or even interest rates – to fight unjustified increases.
One day soon, robots will write politicians’ lines for them. It won’t be hard. When the US negotiated its recent nuclear deal with Iran, it was plain which analogy political opponents would choose: Britain’s appeasement of Hitler at Munich. The republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz (his lines possibly already being generated by robots) duly pronounced: “The deal being negotiated today is reminiscent of Munich in 1938.” Previously, Cruz had compared congressmen who favoured accepting Obamacare to appeasers of “the 1940s”. (A robotic glitch presumably generated the wrong decade.)
Fifteen minutes before the Duke of York is due to arrive, and I am fretting about a serious breach of protocol. Prince Andrew's press secretary has called ahead to say that he, the private secretary and the British consul-general for new york will accompany the duke. Given the unexpected crowd, Buckingham Palace is offering to pay. The rules of Lunch, or Dinner, with the FT are clear: we pick up the tab. They say nothing, however, about dinner for five.
All these tangles and tensions aside, the political ground has shifted. You can see that in Britain. Three weeks ago, mr brown seemed headed either for ejection by his own party or for defeat at the hands of David Cameron, the Conservative leader. Playing the “we believe in government card” and emphasising his own experience, brMr Brown seems to have won at least a temporary reprieve.
Up to &pound 400m ($787m) is expected to change hands in the sales which run until Friday, and for which both auction houses have raised commission rates.
More money is set to pour into private equity in emerging markets, as investors increase their commitments to funds targeting deals in China, India and Brazil, research will show today.
Based in Anhui, a poor province inland from Shanghai, Chery has benefited greatly from local government assistance in terms of access to financing and land purchases. Critics also claim that the company cut a few corners in its earlier years – its highly successful QQ micro-car was very similar to General Motors' Chevrolet Spark.
Martin Clarke, Mail Online’s publisher, said that the partnership, which allows both organisations to cherry pick each other’s content, was sensible given the UK’s official policy to foster closer trade and cultural ties with China.
Chief casualty of media ardour has been Henry Tang, a top bureaucrat and Beijing’s presumed choice for the job. The tycoons who run hong kong see him as a safe pair of hands. The son of one of Hong Kong’s richest men, he won’t be swayed by populist demands in a city riven by a sharp income divide. But to Hong Kong’s press, Tang is a bloodless bureaucrat, more interested in fine wine and real estate than in the social problems afflicting the territory.
The tax on crude oil production, in place of an existing levy based on volume, has been under discussion for some time and has already been factored into the valuations of listed chinese oil companies, analysts said last night.
Over the past month, the aviation industry — from carriers, to aircraft manufacturers, to airports — has stepped up its campaign to address safety concerns about the spread of coronavirus as it looks to recover from the worst crisis in its 100-year history.
Back in the 1990s, James Carville, US democratic party strategist, declared that in his next life he wanted to be reincarnated as the US bond market – rather than Pope or a basketball star – since the bond market “can intimidate everyone”.
But there is no need to go that far. First, we should address the anti- urban bias of many rich countries. Joe Gyourko, the real-estate economist, estimates that Manhattan residents are paying $7,500 a year each in higher housing costs because of the city's stranglehold on building permits  even after Mayor Michael Bloomberg's recent reforms, new york is building smaller apartment blocks than in the 1970s. The high prices drive people away from New York, an environmental and cultural disaster. London's green belt has a similar effect, pushing economic activity away from London, where it is less resilient and less successful, and stretching commutes over longer distances.
*Development, Freedom, and Rising Happiness: A Global Perspective (1981- 2007), www.psychologicalscience.org/journals/pps/3_4_inpress/inglehart.pdf i
Nigeria now pumps less than 1.5m barrels a day, its lowest level in 25 years, rather than the 2.5m b/d it has the ability to produce, according to officials attending yesterday's high-level meeting in Jeddah.
The electorate may not know Mr Obama, but they seem inclined to trust him. Given everything else, that is all it will take.
In Europe and the US, convertible bond issuance has suffered in recent weeks as hedge funds, which buy a large slice of the paper, have increasingly sat on the sidelines because of growing fears over asset writedowns.
Analysts blamed Monday’s fall on fears over the impending end of the ban, which was imposed in early July.
The Treasury would play a crucial role if the Fed decided to launch “Operation Twist”, where the central bank would buy more longer-term Treasury securities to drive down long-term interest rates by reducing the amount of such debt available to other investors.
It seemed ideal, at least in cyberspace: a mid-town address, a reasonable rental price and spacious rooms. But, sadly, it was also too good to be true. After my friends paid the deposit, the landlord vanished, with $1,200 of their money. The “dream” rental was actually an internet fraud perpetuated by a man named “Lester Gold”.
There has been much chatter about the &ldquo G2&rdquo  lately. But the idea that the US and China can together, and semi-exclusively, take on the world's biggest problems is overdone. That day may come. For the moment, though, there are limits to how much an authoritarian government presiding over a relatively poor country can contribute to global problem-solving. For now, the rise of China and the relative decline of the US is more likely to mean a multi-polar than a bipolar world.
This month, about 150 troops from the two countries engaged in an aggressive brawl in Sikkim’s Nathu La pass, injuring a handful soldiers on both sides. Chinese and Indian soldiers have in recent days also faced off along the Pangong Lake on the sparsely populated Ladakh plateau.
The figures for Goldman came as Lehman Brothers said it would award Dick Fuld, chief executive, $41m worth of restricted stock as part of his 2007 compensation. In total, Mr Fuld stands to earn more than $50m for last year when cash bonus and other payments are disclosed next year.
Chinese health authorities reported a new case of coronavirus in Wuhan, the city where the outbreak began, after four days of no new local infections in the mainland.
At the top of its planned price range of $48-$52 per share, the IPO would raise $894m and value Ferrari at $9.8bn.
“The Philippines audience appreciates the overall effect, whereas the international observers focus on the most insane comments,” says Richard Javad Heydarian, a Philippine political analyst, who identifies what he calls the “three Dutertes”: showman, punisher and power-playing Machiavelli. “That’s why he remains popular, but the world is revolted by him.”
At the beginning of this week, sterling’s depreciation against the dollar from its pre-referendum level was 13.5 per cent. So if the parallel were exact, the pound would have a long way to fall. Yet the differences between the two episodes suggest a much less dramatic outcome.
“There is no quota or target,” said Shao Depeng, vice-director of the office. “But we will help them set up a party body, if it is a private enterprise, a social group or an NGO.”
New protesters arrive every couple of minutes at the unmarked gates of the Ministry of Health in Beijing, coming in the faint hope that the national authorities will be able to help where their local hospitals and clinics have failed.
The Associated Press, present at the 90-minute trial, said that Mr Miller was accused of having the “wild ambition” to spend time in a North Korean prison to investigate the conditions of inmates, and tearing up his visa to force his arrest. He was also alleged to have falsely claimed to have secret information about the US military.
Yesterday’s address came as the authorities look for some way to soak up popular anger over electoral fraud in parliamentary elections on December 4. Russia’s urban middle classes have mobilised in protests, including one on December 10, when 50,000 took to the streets, in the biggest recorded demonstration since vladimir putin became president in 1999.
The Fed marked down its description of current economic conditions, noting that “recent indicators have been mixed.”
China’s exports to the US rose 8.2 per cent in the first nine months of the year, says Thomas Costerg, senior us economist at Pictet Wealth Management. He estimates they are on track to reach a record $550bn this year, up from $505bn in 2017.
Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen confirmed on Tuesday Tainan City Mayor Lai Ching-te will be Taiwan’s new premier.
‘Star Wars is significant for me because it’s about escapism. We all like the idea of having something that reflects the world we live in — but abstracted. Where we can see parallels, but altered — like a non-moment in time. I think Star Wars is good for that. You can’t categorise the costumes by one particular decade  the clothes are hyper-modern, but they have this organic oddness to them which is why they so often inspire my collections.
Investors' fears of a prolonged period of financial turmoil deepened yesterday as a raft of downgrades for blue-chips such as strongbCitigroup/strong and General Motors sent US and European shares into a tailspin.
Even this week, during the seven-hour UBS shareholders' meeting that backed Mr Ospel's request for a massive recapitalisation, the mask did not slip. He fended off attacks and calls for his resignation - never lowering his guard.
In fact, as long as we set our sights low enough we all do make a difference at work. By performing the tasks we are supposed to perform, we are making a difference to our employers. If we weren't, they would have fired us long ago.
The French president, at an all-time low in the opinion polls, is determined not to be seen to be exploiting an affair which has shocked France. This time, the man often criticised for his impulsive behaviour and flash tastes wants to be beyond reproach and he has told his troops to keep quiet.
Since then reality has refused to follow theory. real estate shares are down 7 per cent and banks have made only half the 8 per cent gain of the wider index. Exporters, such as the motor industry, have lagged behind.
• Working from home. For a week it’s an experiment, but after nearly a month it starts to become institutionalised, even in professions that had never contemplated it before.
Additional reporting by Kathrin Hille in Taipei and Edward White in Seoul
The technocrats at China's state administration of Foreign Exchange (Safe) are not in the habit of stirring the country's capital markets.
In Japan, new data showed the world's second largest economy contracted by 0.6 per cent in the second quarter, its worst quarterly performance for seven years.
Both have been mentioned as contenders for senior posts at an international financial institution when their current jobs end. Assuming she can complete the job of turning around Transnet, she will be an attractive candidate for a private-sector company.
Yet, at the very least, this hypothesis is debatable. If the world is multipolar, it is very imperfectly so, and American diplomacy aims to keep things this way.
This must be what they mean by Disziplin. Germany’s reading of the debt crisis is that it is the fault of profligate governments. Monday’s “fiscal compact”, with its coercive imposition of budgetary orthodoxy, debt sustainability and economic convergence, is meant to bring them to heel. That should provide Angela Merkel, the chancellor, with the political cover she needs to increase Berlin’s commitment to addressing the crisis. The question now is whether Germany is ready to repay the favour to the eurozone.
The rapid increase late yesterday in failed searches made in China using Google's servers had initially triggered fears Beijing was stepping up its retaliation against the us internet company in the dispute over censorship.
Investors searching for signs of a double-dip recession could do worse than look at iron ore. Prices have tumbled by more than a third in three months, as Chinese steelmakers have scaled down production.
It is the depth of housing’s fall that has laid the foundation for this. And it is hard to exaggerate how deep that was. Single family housing starts, for example, averaged 1.4m annually during the 2000-04 period, before the bubble. After it, they plunged to an average annual rate of 500,000 and stayed there. New home sales, which previously averaged 900,000 a year, fell to a third of that. And residential investment, which averaged 4 per cent of US GDP over the 25 years ending in 2005, has accounted for only 2.5 per cent of it since 2008.
For nearly 30 years, Sri Lankans lived with the threat of suicide bombings and terror attacks — tactics routinely used by the indian ocean island’s ethnic Tamil minority in their conflict with its Sinhalese-dominated government.
Tokyo electric power (Tepco), the plant’s operator, said the reactor’s protective containment shell remained intact after the blast. A similar explosion destroyed part of the plant’s No. 1 reactor building on Saturday.
South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff said on Friday morning that it was monitoring the situation after “two unidentified projectiles” were fired from North Korea’s eastern Kangwon Province. The flight range and altitude of the projectiles were not immediately reported.
When China opened its first-ever overseas military base in Djibouti just days ago, Asia’s pre-eminent power was declaring in no uncertain terms that it will sit on the side-lines no longer. Coinciding with the 90th birthday of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army, the base was merely the latest display of China’s deepening involvement in the Horn of Africa’s security. For years, it has been testing, refining and growing its clout in turbulent South Sudan—an indication that its adherence to the longstanding policy of non-interference is becoming less doctrinaire.
The chairman of the international accounting standards board has delivered a scathing assessment of its progress in carrying out urgent reforms, saying repeated delays had shaken people’s faith in the body’s ability to meet deadlines.
Julian Lee, a senior energy analyst at the Centre for global energy Studies, said Turkmenistan “had played gas customers off against one another in the past and would probably continue to do so in future to leverage the highest price from buyers”.
&ldquo Since 1952, Turkey has been the most active member of Nato and a major contributor. During the cold war period Turkey spent its own resources for the defence of Europe. This should be appreciated.&rdquo
Journalists and PR people have fundamentally different agendas: we have stories to break  they are paid to make sure some stories remain untold. Yet our daily dealings can be quite cordial, even when we’re not sharing wine and cabs. For one thing, PRs read our stories  it’s hard not to like them a bit.
A Shanghai-listed bicycle manufacturer has sued Ofo, the bike-sharing start-up backed by Alibaba, for $10m in unpaid bills, in the latest sign of how heavy spending and cut-throat competition is taking its toll on the once high-flying group.
The bursting of bubbles causes credit contraction, the forced liquidation of assets, deflation and wealth destruction that may reach catastrophic proportions. In a deflationary environment, the weight of accumulated debt can sink the banking system and push the economy into depression. That is what needs to be prevented at all costs.
But that does not mean you should follow orders unquestioningly, or at least not at once. Instead, you should be invisibly obstructive and drag your feet. Let others make their swingeing cuts first in the hope that they will deflect attention from you.
Alizila, the group’s in-house news website, said it would send “a ripple of shock” through the industry, but analysts said it would change little after a recent group restructuring made the chief executive’s job much less important.
Her remarks on Tuesday come amid fears that president recep tayyip erdogan is pressing Turks living abroad to show greater loyalty to Ankara and its brand of Islamism as part of the wide-ranging crackdown following the failed military coup.
Therefore, very aggressive consolidation would be needed, argue analysts and banking executives alike. But that is not on the horizon.
Mary Daly told reporters on Wednesday that she was worried about the long-term impacts on some of the more badly-hit sectors even after the economy begins to rebound.
Clark has long been one of the most visible westerners in China’s technology scene. In Alibaba: The House that Jack Ma Built, he draws on a considerable trove of personal reminiscences in addition to dozens of interviews to write what could be the definitive history not just of Alibaba but other titans of the Chinese internet such as Tencent, Sohu, Sina and Baidu — all household names in China but little known in the west.
Shokri Ghanem, Libya's oil minister, said as he arrived for the meeting: “The world has changed. The dollar is down. $100 is not what it used to be.”
But Indian glee should be tempered. When it comes to bringing women into the workplace, China does a much better job. According to Credit Suisse, two-thirds of Chinese women are economically active - compared to only one-third of Indian women.
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion. The “battle of the letters” – two letters in the FT, from Lord Skidelsky and others and Lord Layard and others, replying to a letter in the Sunday Times from Professor Tim Besley and others – brings this hoary joke to mind.
But ZTE, Huawei’s cross-town rival that has been following in its footsteps by growing just as rapidly in mostly the same markets with a similar strategy, resents nothing as much as being viewed as a second Huawei.
Mr Marchenko is only half right. If he was thinking of Kazakh mining companies such as Kazakhmys or ENRC, investors treated them the same as other London-listed miners with emerging markets-based activities. They fled Kazakh stocks in the turmoil but returned with the rebound. Ditto for Chilean copper miner Antofagasta and Mexican silver producer Fresnillo.
Hewlett-Packard, the world's biggest personal computer company, and Via Technologies, a Taiwanese chipmaker, are launching a PC in China that runs on little energy in the first significant attempt to tap demand for “carbon neutral” corporate products in the country.
iMG src="/ftimages/000005588/1.gif" border=0
“These two components have to be addressed and solved by the market itself. This means through transparency, improving disclosure and doing what needs to be done to produce a more complete picture of the funding risks.”
According to the Black Book of Communism, published in 1997 by a group of French scholars, communist regimes were responsible for the “class genocide” of almost 100m people during the 20th century. Apologists for Joseph Stalin used to justify such brutality by arguing that you could not make an omelette without breaking eggs. But, as George Orwell once famously responded: where's the omelette?
The hang seng index closed 4.3 per cent lower at 24,053.61. HSBC, which makes one-third of its revenues in north America, fell 3.3 per cent to HK$116.50.
Big airlines have been among the companies worst affected by the crisis, as concerns mount over the impact on global travel. The share price of BA parent IAG has slid more than 10 per cent since mid-January, while European rivals Air France-KLM and Lufthansa have also been hit.
The global demand for gritty but voguish business strategies is now big enough to keep even a workaholic ironin/i such as Prof Tiffany as busy as he wants to be. And that is likely to last as long as globalisation, defined as the triumph of free markets, endures, he says.
“The fact that the narrative in Washington is even about whether we extend our debt ceiling is just not acceptable,” Mr Fink said. “If you are a debtor nation, your job is to make sure your creditors like you. Even with a deal to avoid a default, the damage has been done and the result will be a slowdown in economic growth.”
Asia's improved promise as a high-growth market for wine combined with a softening US outlook prompted a decision to hold the world's largest wine and spirits show in hong kong this year.
Handset outsourcing continues to move further up the value chain: into design, component procurement and research and development. That partly reflects margin pressure at the big handset makers, and partly the growing competence of the manufacturers. It also illustrates the trend towards selling into emerging markets, where handsets tend to be lower-end and more readily outsourced. Visiongain estimates that almost half of all handsets will be outsourced by 2010, from 30 per cent now.
Most of America’s good news is relative. The US is estimated to have grown last year by 2.6 per cent — roughly half a percentage point higher than the previous five years of recovery. This was weak compared to all previous US recoveries barring the first business cycle of the 21st century. But it looks stellar compared to the eurozone, which barely cleared 1 per cent. This coming year is likely to be very similar. The US will grow by around 3 per cent while the Europeans and Japan would be lucky to exceed 1 per cent.
But Ma Ying-jeou, who defeated his rival by a landslide in Taiwan's presidential poll last weekend, speaks of “feeling fear” as he considers his term, while Wu Po-hsiung, who chairs Mr Ma's Kuomintang (KMT) party, has declared: “This is not a victory of the KMT.”
Although the rate of growth of exports to the US has slowed, continued powerful increases in sales to Europe, the Middle East and other markets have helped keep the surplus high.
So, with the Doha talks suspended, bilateral deals delivering few real gains and the outlook for regional integration projects unpromising, has trade liberalisationb hit the buffers/b? Not necessarily. One “plan B” has proved its worth: it is for governments to stop leaning on each other to open markets and just do it by themselves.
Markets nosedived yesterday when barack obama set out broad new measures on financial regulation. The most signficant of them is banning deposit-taking banks from proprietary trading that is &ldquo unrelated to serving customers&rdquo . This activity has generated politically incendiary profits for banks and bonuses for bankers.
Paul Krugman dips into his earlier research programme on economic geography and provides a clear and succinct illustration of how infrastructure links such as those One Belt, One Road contemplates, matter. If economic activity is more profitable when done at greater scale, then (even small) transport upgrades that make one location better connected to many others can create a pole of attraction for investment and economic growth there, built on its cost-efficiency (even if small) in supplying those other markets. As a result, “you can definitely see Belts and Roads as a bit of a strategic trade policy as well as being a strategic, well, strategic policy”.
And thus the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, as the International Olympic Committee, in its inimitably portentous way, likes to call them, passed into history.
Other corporate leaders argue that their businesses are, to varying degrees, recession-proof. Food companies such as a href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=us:KFT" target= blankKraft /aand a href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=us:PEP" target= blankPepsiCo/a maintain they would benefit from a downturn as people eat at home more frequently or plump for affordable “treats” including sodas and snacks to beat the recession blues. Logistics groups such as UPS, whose brown vans help keep the economy ticking over, still predict that their domestic business will grow this year as people and businesses keep sending letters and packages. As a senior executive at one of UPS's rivals says: “We are a need, not a want.”
We straight white Oxbridge-educated males who rule Britain are used to periodic rumblings of discontent from below. Now the transvestite artist Grayson Perry, writing in the New Statesman magazine, has savaged what he calls “Default Man”: “With their colourful textile phalluses hanging round their necks, they make up an overwhelming majority in government, in boardrooms and also in the media.” The writer Caitlin Moran half-jokes that she is the only working-class Briton with a newspaper column: “I have the entire quota.”
mr trump is deeply embroiled in a trade war with China and plans to levy tariffs on all imports from Mexico unless it steps up efforts to stop illegal migration. The tariffs are scheduled to take effect just hours before Mr Aso sits down with his counterparts in the western city of Fukuoka.
Her international appeal also remains undimmed, judging by a charity auction of one of Diana's evening dresses being run by a US cable network with a starting price of $125,000 (&pound 63,000). A breast cancer charity has also gathered dresses for an exhibition in Florida.
Lee Hsien Loong, current prime minister and the late Lee’s eldest son, said in a nationally televised address: “We won’t see another man like him”.
According to a creditor document viewed by the Financial Times, almost 70 Chinese and foreign banks, as well as trust companies, had Rmb33.5bn ($5.1bn) in outstanding lending to Huachen Automotive Group as of last year. The revelation comes as the country’s multi trillion-dollar debt markets have been rocked by defaults at government-backed companies.
The move comes as part of a widening crackdown on insider trading and other financial irregularities during the past six months.
John Kemp of RBS Sempra said: “As power availability tightens and energy prices rise, [Chinese] output growth is set to slow, leading to the elimination of several million tonnes of potential production growth in the next four years.”
In an effort to bring more transparency to big private tech companies such as Uber and Airbnb, a growing number of companies are launching research teams to analyse private ventures and produce reports on them.
Speaking to the financial times in London during an 18-day world tour that has taken in Washington and Brussels, and whose last leg starts today in China, Mr Rudd's previous career as a diplomat is evident in his understated technocratic patter, quite distinct from the combative abrasiveness of Paul Keating, the last Labor prime minister.
The question increasingly being asked is whether hong kong can remain a “fragrant harbour” (as its Chinese name translates in English) for major banks and multinational companies, or whether it will be abandoned.
It is hard to exaggerate the magnitude of the Venezuelan collapse. People are queueing for hours to buy food, stores are empty, and the country is in a deep recession. Venezuela has the fastest inflation in the world, while its government debt is the most expensive to insure against default.
He points to Toyota’s success in sharing components with its Lexus brand, which charges more and has different customers. But he says CNH is not yet managing its brands properly.
Even at home, chinese companies have a lot of hard work ahead to build their brands, most marketing experts agree. “Brands are not just a question of desire, but it's also a question of concrete corporate structure . . . it's still very rare to see a truly marketing-driven organisation, as opposed to a sales-driven organisation,” says Mr Doctoroff. Many chinese companies take a short-term view of profits – and do not want to invest money over the longer term to build their brand.
Brzezinski, who has died at the age of 89, was far from his predecessor’s doppelganger, but his record in office can stand fair comparison. On his watch, under President Jimmy Carter, the US normalised relations with China, severing ties with Taiwan in the process, signed the Salt Two arms treaty with the Soviet Union, brought Egypt and Israel together in the Camp David accords and concluded the Panama Canal treaty, ceding control to Panama. In each decision he was an influential player.
First is Chinese power and how it is used. Polls show that a third of Americans believe China will “soon dominate the world”, but despite its remarkable growth, China's income per capita is only a twenty-fifth of that of the US. While it is possible that China's total economy could equal that of the US in 30 years or so, American per capita income is likely still to be four times that of China. This is not like a century ago when a rising Germany surpassed Britain in industrial strength by 1900.
Money is a store of value, a unit of account and a medium of exchange. To be a really good currency, it needs to be durable, portable, divisible, uniform, limited in supply and acceptable. How do cryptocurrencies measure up against these requirements? They are clearly neither a store of value nor a good unit of account, as their vast swings in price show. They are not a good medium of exchange, because law-abiding people and businesses do not want to own assets that are, by virtue of their anonymity, ideal for criminals, terrorists and money launderers. While an individual cryptocurrency can be limited in supply, the aggregate supply is infinite  according to the international monetary Fund: “As of April 2018, there were more than 1,500 cryptocurrencies.” There could just as easily be 1.5m.
The UN security council has voted to tighten financial restrictions on Pyongyang and crack down on its attempts to ship and receive banned cargo in breach of UN sanctions.
On May 6 2010, when the us stock markets plunged 600 points and rebounded within 20 panic-stricken minutes — an event that became known as the “flash crash” — an independent trader from west London received a warning about his behaviour from the US’s largest futures exchange.
The national highway traffic safety Administration said it was levying the maximum available fine – $7,000 per day – on GM for failing to provide answers to a third of the 107 questions it sent the company in March. The questionnaire was due to be completed by April 3.
Markets collectively know that too much of a good thing is seldom healthy, even if individual investors show little restraint. That is the increasing worry for many asian countries as they look at rising interest in the region.
The social network has had multiple data-sharing partnerships with dozens of device makers, including Samsung and Apple, for years now. These would seem to violate its 2011 agreement with the Federal Trade Commission in which it promised not to share users’ personal data with outside partners.
The study will fuel the debate over the usefulness of analysts' predictions for hedge funds, which want research that affects share prices, at a time when banks are seeking to attract investors that trade frequently.
This is chilling stuff for an investment banking group which had, so far, appeared relatively immune. operating profit last fiscal year, much of which coincided with the credit crisis, rose 15 per cent year-on-year to A$8.2bn. The basic Macquarie concept of buying infrastructure assets and packaging them up into funds, skimming off investment banking fees along the way, seemed more or less intact. But cracks had begun to appear. As credit markets retreated group funding rates rose by around 100 basis points for longer term funding. The bank was forced to make writedowns in its real estate investments and wind down its mortgage business. The damage was evident in the second-half results: operating profits tumbled 26 per cent compared to the first half.
“I think there’s a considerable risk of not reopening, you’re talking about what would be permanent economic damage to the American public,” Steven Mnuchin, Treasury secretary, told fox news Sunday.
The third Oman Desert Marathon began earlier this month after a ceremonial dance by the villagers of Bidiyah, wearing white robes with swords and iPhones tucked inside their belts. We then shuffled off, laden with our backpacks along 100m of road before we hit the sand. Ten minutes later, leaving the outskirts of the village, we headed into the desert and left all signs of human life behind for the next six days.
And the joke from the ma?tre d' when he served the extra bone marrow that I ordered – “This, they recommend as good for the manpower” – brought howls of laughter from my children. A sign, however, that the Viennese are interested in other pleasures of life besides food.
While Fiat has strong sales in Latin America, Turkey and some other emerging markets, it is lagging behind General Motors, Volkswagen and other foreign competitors in China, the world's second-largest motor vehicle market after the US.
Hong Kong’s first renminbi-denominated IPO has raised an impressive Rmb10.48bn ($1.6bn) – but demand from investors has been unexpectedly lackluster, as the FT reports today. People involved in the offering of Hui Xian have blamed the lower-than-expected demand on recent volatility in global markets amid debt problems in Europe.
If you have to rent in London, you can get double for your money in New York, everyone tells me. The children will remember it all their lives. Ought we to force ourselves, out of basic respect for the length of the human life-span, on a madcap international spree? With neither of us tied to London for work, the world is our oyster. Or should we do what is most pain-free and likely to be least disruptive? What was it the priest said at our wedding? “Man must reach above the skies or what's a heaven for?” Well, he's not the boss of me. Everyone seems to think it would be a failure of gigantic proportions to choose a home round the corner, very similar to the one we are leaving, but I like my life. I don't feel the need for escape. It's only my vanity that likes the idea.
Wen Jiabao, Chinese premier, has called on debt-laden european countries to put their “own houses in order” before asking China for a bail-out, in a sign of Beijing’s reluctance to be cast as saviour of the global economy.
The chinese authorities intensified their criticism of the dalai lama over the weekend, accusing him not only of trying to undermine the Olympics but also of supporting separatist groups in the heavily Muslim Xinjiang province in western China.
Sometime between the potato gratin going cold and my guest refusing coffee, the main section of the Commune Social tapas bar in Shanghai falls silent. It is tempting to imagine that the whole city has done the same.
Agreement on joint exploration of the disputed waters would remove the biggest irritant in ties between two neighbours long divided by historical animosities. It would also show that the rhetorical warming achieved on recent leaders' visits can be translated into practical action on sensitive issues.
Last week I gave a talk to an audience of four dozen colleagues plus two teddy bears and a rabbit with one eye. The subject was: Who reads the Financial Times? And my thesis was that our readers are odder than you’d think.
As elsewhere in the world, the impact of this easing has so far been minimal. That is not surprsing given that interest rate cuts usually take upwards of 12 months to take effect. Any green shoots spotted now, such as the recent pick-up in lending in China and India, are probably transitory, reflecting a release of pent-up demand rather than a fresh investment push. Still, as Asia's banks are generally in better shape than their US or UK peers, and less fixated on shrinking their loan books, the theory is that lenders will channel cheaper money more quickly into corporate and household pockets. asian governments also tend to be more persuasive when it comes to getting banks to lend.
The us federal deposit insurance corporation is working on plans to package billions of dollars of assets from failed banks into securities, a move that will help restart the still dysfunctional markets for mortgage-backed bonds.
But today American hegemony in AI is being seriously challenged for the first time. One of the most remarkable features of the current AI boom is the sudden and very visible presence of China as a global force.
Japan’s government has suggested chinese officials may have violated global trade rules by blocking shipments of strategically important minerals to Japan amid a dispute over Tokyo’s detention of a Chinese fishing boat captain.
Thirteen years ago, when he founded the company, mr wang lacked even the capital to import an automated battery production line from Japan. Today his company is the world's largest producer of mobile phone batteries – with 30 per cent of the market – and the second-largest producer of rechargeable batteries to power electronic goods such as laptop computers. And perhaps even more surprisingly, BYD – which produced its first branded car in 2005 – sold more cars than any other chinese carmaker in September. That monthly milestone, achieved largely through the launch of BYD's new F0 subcompact, is unlikely to be sustained in the near term  but JD Power, the leading auto consultancy, still expects BYD sales to grow by more than 50 per cent this year.
The effect of ECB financial support without adequate policy is exemplified by the ECB’s longer-term refinancing operations to eurozone banks, which used the money in part to buy sovereign debt. Many analysts thought that LTROs would buy at least a year, without focusing on how that time would be used. When political leaders continued their inadequate crisis response, markets noticed and crisis conditions recurred more quickly than expected.
Control is the leitmotif of China’s “new era” under Xi Jinping, who at the weekend was unanimously reappointed to a second five-year term in office by the National People’s Congress (NPC). Other key roles have been filled with some of Mr Xi’s closest associates.
China’s search for natural gas passed a landmark this week as the government launched its first tender offer for four shale gas blocks in southern China, underlining Beijing’s determination to move forward with developing unconventional gas resources.
The evidence points to leadership failure on a huge scale. Employees do not understand what is important or worthwhile about their work. They do not see why profitability matters. It is hardly surprising that research into employee engagement invariably throws up dismal findings. Employees don't feel they are being offered anything that is worth engaging with.
Beijing has pledged “forceful measures” to combat international computer hacking following reports in Germany that Chinese hackers with army links had infiltrated the computer systems of important government ministries in Berlin.
“Everyone uses it just for fun, not taking it too seriously,” said one man who asked not to be named. “We are too young to get married, too young. Maybe some girls’ parents want them to get married so early, but my friends haven’t.”
The democracy debate has run in parallel with other campaigns, to make party officials more professional managers and to force them to be more responsive, simultaneously, to local communities and Beijing's diktats, a difficult balance.
The moves mean more than $8.3bn worth of European IPOs are currently being marketed, on top of the more than $3.2bn of flotations that have priced since the start of the year, according to data compiled by Dealogic. If all the IPOs are go ahead as planned, the first quarter of 2014 will be the strongest start to the year since 2007.
The numbers also show that, Xiaomi’s phoenix-like rise from its nadir notwithstanding, the company continues to burn through cash, to the tune of Rmb995.67m last year.
The controversial auction today of two Chinese bronzes looted by European troops from Beijing more than a century ago has been thrown into doubt after a French court agreed to consider an emergency request to stop the sale.
Leading London-based law firms are coming under growing client pressure over their failure to promote more women and people from ethnic and other minorities, according to the new head of one of the largest firms.
China has a highly political past in Africa, from which it still retains a lot of popular credibility. In the 1960s, partly to counter the influence of the Soviet Union, Beijing supported the liberation movements against apartheid south africa and minority white-run Rhodesia and built a railway from Zambia to Dar-es-Salaam in Tanzania for exports to bypass those hostile states. Dipak Patel, Zambia's former trade minister, says: “The railway is now part of Chinese folklore. This is the basis of our relationship.”
China may be on the cusp of putting into operation mandatory institutionalised technology with godlike ambitions, as Rachel Botsman, a visiting academic to Oxford Saïd Business School, says in her book Who Can You Trust?
China Pacific is negotiating with Carlyle to swap its holding for a smaller stake in the group structure. Talks are understood to be at an early stage, with no guarantee that Carlyle will agree to the change.
The ride is thrilling if sometimes bumpy. LIVE is Windows compatible, but only owners of the latest Macs will have access. Initial registration took me 10 minutes as I fished for my bank details.
The hong kong monetary authority issued licences to three companies, including joint ventures involving Standard Chartered, a Bank of China subsidiary and a third led by online insurer ZhongAn Online P&C Insurance.
Investors have flocked to fixed income mutual funds at the fastest rate since the financial crisis, piling in almost $500bn in the first half of 2019 during trade war tensions, recessionary fears and market volatility.
The federal reserve risks dragging down the US’s recovery by increasing interest rates while cutting back its own multi-trillion dollar balance sheet, a top Fed official has warned.
BP will next week try to reach a truce in its acrimonious battle with the us administration over its huge oil spill in Gulf of ­Mexico, but will reject calls for the company to pay damages to all other companies' oil rig workers laid off because of a drilling ban.
German users of the social network will now be able to report a story as fake and it will be sent to Correctiv, a third-party fact checker. If the fact checker discovers it is fake, the story will be flagged as “disputed”, with an explanation. Disputed stories will not be prioritised by the news feed algorithm and people will receive a warning if they decide to share it.
Such developments would sit uneasily alongside Mr Sarkozy's supposed reformist zeal. Investors should be wary of a president who is as likely to take away from the corporate sector with one hand, as to give with the other.
In the wider field of economics, an increasingly fashionable view is that governments should use fiscal policy and heavy borrowing to run the economy hot so as to use all available resources and minimise unemployment. The only downside, according to schools of thought such as modern monetary theory, is a bit of possible inflation, which can easily be tamed by higher interest rates.
Friday's bad news from Citigroup and Bank of America confirmed what many experts have long suspected: the subprime losses of 2007 were a bullet that fatally wounded the banks. Many lost so much money on toxic subprime mortgage-related derivatives that they have been essentially insolvent for more than a year. It has taken so long for these banks to fall only because of government support and some investors' bottomless capacity for denial.
Whilst my sales colleagues have suffered a loss of face realising that their currency is no longer dominant in southern China, they have, no doubt, more than hedged their position through investment in the local property and stock markets.i
Tan Rufeng, manager of a Chinese trading company just across the border from North Korea, is not sure whether to blame “old America or young Kim”, the North Korean leader, for the sudden downturn in her fortune. “I don’t understand politics,” she says.
This means someone has got something badly wrong. If the closing price represents Alibaba’s underlying value, the company’s balance sheet is now $8bn lighter than it would be had the offering been priced correctly. Despite strong demand, the company and its underwriters lifted the offer price only $2 from the initial range of $60 to $66. This modest approach provided an auspicious price – in Chinese, the number six is a homonym for “flow” and eight for “fortune”. But $8bn is too large a gift to fortune (and to the fortunate ones who were allotted shares at $68).
Now, as in 1947, the words of George Marshall, then us secretary of state, ring true: “It is logical that the united states should do whatever it is able to do to assist in the return of normal economic health to the world, without which there can be no political stability and no assured peace.” But today the onus rests on the EU.
Renewables and other forms of low-carbon energy bucked the economic slowdown, with nearly $150bn (&#8364 95bn, &pound 75bn) invested in the technologies worldwide, according to a report from the united nations Environment Programme.
The US brought criminal charges on Monday over the alleged theft of account details linked to 130m credit cards, a case of identity theft that far exceeds anything of its kind that has ever come to light before.
Stapel was at school with me. I wrote for the school magazine, which he edited. In the small Dutch town where we grew up, we also played for the same football club. I was three years younger and hardly knew him, but I remember a giant boy who (unusually for our school) smiled in the corridors at people he didn't know.
Bonuses help to attract and keep the most highly skilled personnel in the world and if London or new york or anywhere else stopped attracting such star performers they would decline as world cities – and so would their wider economies. Like football players, key financial workers are highly paid because they have a special skill that helps their firm to win. Even more than footballers, City workers in the big bonus league are rewarded for success – with no prizes for a draw or a defeat.
It is the first among China’s four bad banks to pursue an initial public offering and investors have been seduced by its novelty value both as a type of company and as a large, relatively liquid stock, according to bankers.
Many of the recent policy shifts in Tokyo are predictable reactions to the growth of Chinese power and the threats from a nuclear-armed North Korea. Japan still spends only 1 per cent of its gross domestic product on defence – although that makes Japan, with an annual military budget of more than $40bn (�0bn, &pound 20.4bn), the world's sixth-biggest defence spender).
Opera-goers streaming out of La Scala in Milan on Thursday night turned on their phones to discover that Italy finally seemed to have a new government.
The pandemic has been likened to a war, though one against a disease, not other humans. Like a war, it is reshaping economies and demanding huge increases in public spending and monetary support. It will certainly bequeath far bigger public debt and central bank balance sheets.
Steely. A word often associated with cold, dispassionate, hardened, and imperturbable. Not so the industry’s investors: as China’s building boom has slowed, they have skedaddled, leaving the share prices of some of Asia’s biggest producers languishing well below book value. That is hard to justify.
mr lee notes that even Hong Kong-based investment bankers who spend much of their time doing initial public offering work across the border could be deemed liable. “The Chinese would just say ‘thank you very much',” he says.
While mr li promised to maintain the renminbi’s “stable position in the global monetary system”, there was no reference to the measures that have made it more difficult for Chinese companies, individuals and foreign investors to move money out of the country.
Macquarie Airports, the fund managed by Australia's Macquarie Group, yesterday said it would sell stakes in its European airports worth A$1.5bn (US$bn) to help reduce debt and fund a A$1bn share buy-back.
Yesterday, they were forced to admit that those efforts had largely failed. Instead, Lehman unveiled plans to spin off troubled property assets and sell a stake in its fund management arm.
Back when I attended Harvard University, one of the odder graduation requirements I faced was a mandatory swim test. We were told the demand was a legacy of Eleanor Widener, who had donated the school’s main library in honour of her son, class of 1907, who drowned on the Titanic.
“We are of course worried,” said a woman who lives in the same block as the 39-year-old man who died on Tuesday. “I will step up sterilising measures at home . . . wash my hands more often.”
These recent moves appear to reflect a rising protectionist attitude towards foreigners taking control of state-owned enterprises. China is finding that it needs to balance attracting foreign investors to restructure its sluggish SOEs with championing the development of strong domestic companies. Ironically, the latter is why financial investors such as private equity funds are often more welcomed by the local management of SOEs than foreign strategic investors. With private equity funds, domestic players can build their branding and unlock the potential of management.
The market capitalisation of all shares listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen hit $10.08tn as of Tuesday’s close, according to a Bloomberg estimate.
A decision late last week by Warner Bros to release high- definition DVDs only in Sony's Blu-ray format would turn out to be the tipping point in the “format war” that has divided the consumer electronics industry, according to analysts.
Ikea's success is not so very different. Ikea keeps its costs and prices low by enlisting its customers – their time, their cars, their ambitions as interior designers, and their inflated ideas of their carpentry skills.
Pearson CEO John Fallon said:
A deeper talent pool should help CME improve its local programming. Mr Garin hopes strategic al-liances with US studios will also contribute: by raiding their libraries for neglected series that can be remade under co-production deals, CME can improve the quality of its local-language output while allowing its US partners to tap into the attractive growth of markets they lack the expertise to enter alone.
The caution looked well placed after football matches were suspended in March due to the coronavirus pandemic. As the virus took its grip, England’s leading 20 clubs discussed curtailing the season, threatening to halt Liverpool’s seemingly unstoppable march towards a first league title in 30 years.
“We have no interest in punishing the UK, but we also have no interest in putting European integration in danger over the UK,” Wolfgang Schäuble, the finance minister and Ms Merkel’s close ally, said in a recent FT interview.
“All the houses have collapsed in our village and many people are hurt but we have no food or medicine,” said Xie Hui, 35, a resident of Zicheng village in Beichuan county, one of the worst affected areas.
“No one can here understand how the international community can let this happen.” So said Marie Colvin, in an interview given from Homs, just a day before she herself was killed by a Syrian bombardment.
HSBC, the UK-based banking group, yesterday released a report entitled the “Future of Retirement”, that was the result of questioning 21,000 people in 21 countries, the largest study of its kind.
“The timing is very ironic . . . If we were all on the same page, we could even be raising a new fund,” said one key principal at Shoreline.
Korea is the sixth biggest foreign direct investor in China, according to chinese official statistics. It accounts for 6 per cent of cumulative FDI through 2005, just behind Japan, its far larger neighbour. Japan’s thriftiness partly reflects fears of technology theft, particularly in consumer electronics, and broader competitive concerns. But China, which has cool political relations with Tokyo, bhardly throws down the welcome mat/b. JFE, Japan’s second biggest steelmaker, yesterday became the latest investor summarily to scrap long-standing investment plans.
analysts say the disconnect between the people and the regime has never been wider since the 1979 Islamic revolution. Iran has been plagued by sporadic protests across the country since thousands of people took to the streets at the turn of the year. Most of the demonstrations have been small and have erupted over a range of issues, from water shortages to joblessness. But often they have taken on an anti-regime tone.
The Fed cut rates from 2 per cent to 1.5 per cent, while the ECB, which only recently raised rates, reduced its policy rate from 4.25 per cent to 3.75 per cent. The ECB also announced changes to the way it makes funds available to banks, promising to make unlimited amounts of money available at its main interest rate.
A spokesman for Japan’s foreign ministry said yesterday Tokyo’s attempt to confirm this on Friday “through diplomatic channels” had not yet met with a response, but “if indeed it is true it is a source of concern”.
Some French commentators, however, feel he has taken this Amerification too far, deriding the khaki shorts, casual brush cotton shirts, and vintage Ray-Bans he wore while on vacation with Cecilia earlier this year. The French philosopher Alain Finkelkraut, for example, called Sarkozy jogging in a new york Police Department T-shirt “undignified”.
China and the EU have set a 2020 target date to agree a long-planned investment treaty, which Brussels has identified as its main route to improve access to the Chinese market.
France yesterday said it would follow Britain's lead in levying a supertax on bankers' bonuses giving added momentum to global efforts to curb high levels of financial sector pay.
Nokia is in advanced talks to launch a takeover bid for all of Alcatel-Lucent, as the Finnish telecoms equipment company seeks to challenge the industry leader Ericsson.
Estimates vary as to how much quantitative money is managed actively – when computer models pick individual stocks instead of indices.
If Mr Letta succeeds in his first task, he should be realistic about what his government can achieve. His first speech as prime minister designate talked about the need to change the EU’s mantra of universal austerity. While this message is sound, a weak Italian government stands little chance of getting Germany and other creditor countries to change tack.
Air Liquide, the French company that is one of the two biggest in the industrial gases industry, has announced bold plans to double its annual gas revenues to about &euro 20bn ($31bn) by 2012.
“Policies come from above, counter-reactions from below” goes a proverb cited to explain the Chinese government’s opaque inner workings.
The bank's chief Asia economist Frederic Neumann forecasts that, despite China's current economic slowdown，“We've barely scratched the surface, with the equivalent of 7.1% of the population travelling overseas last year, roughly the same share as Japanese in 1989 and Koreans in 1995. ”
“Reduction in the stringency of employment protection is needed and could be balanced by an increase in the extent of accrual-based severance payments,” it said. Reform would help shift rural labour to productive areas.
“Some labour markets were doing great before the crisis, but then all of a sudden, more or less from one day to another, they were struck by the crisis and they fell like [a house of cards],” says Andrea Garnero, a labour market economist at the OECD, the Paris-based club of developed countries. Now economists are drawing new lessons from the crisis, not just about how to create successful labour markets, but also how “success” should even be defined.
Chinalco, which is attempting to resettle 3500 villagers to make way for the $2.2bn Toromocho project, stopped commissioning operations at the mine in late March.
Banks and their shareholders were thrown last week when the EU pushed through a long-debated plan to cap senior bankers’ bonuses at the level of their salaries – or twice that tally with the express approval of investors. The rules are set to come into force in January 2014.
“Without Apple’s orchestration of this conspiracy, it would not have succeeded as it did,” said Judge Cote, who presided over the three-week non-jury trial. “Apple and the publisher defendants shared one overarching interest – that there be no price competition at the retail level.”
european officials said the White House finally toned down its support for mr wolfowitz in the face of united and unrelenting European opposition to his continuing in office.
SoftBank has warned of a $12.5bn annual operating loss — its biggest ever — after its $100bn investment fund sustained a heavy hit from the market turmoil sparked by the coronavirus outbreak.
The fundamental problems have not been resolved  indeed, the gap between creditor and debtor countries continues to widen. The crisis has entered what may be a less volatile but more lethal phase.
China is in the grip of a government-backed exercise boom, boosting local sportswear brands and the likes of Adidas and Nike, which are gaining market share on the back of consumer upgrading and an embrace of the “athleisure” fashion trend.
I quite understand why your wife might not want to be dragged out to supper with your boss. What I don't understand is your fear that turning up without her could hurt your career.
The white paper does not even say exactly how big that share would be. But it seems there are two scenarios for dividing up gilts which are, for now, blissfully political risk-free obligations of one sovereign.
Wikipedia – which is available to be written and edited by anyone on the internet – is one of the most visible successes of mass collaboration on the web, with many of its 1.4m articles appearing high in search results.
For anyone who thinks of themselves as a leader — or an effective manager of their career — accepting a degree of fear when faced with high-stakes decisions may be necessary.
Soon, I am among Tibetan refugees, Indians and westerners - the devoted and the curious - thronging towards the temple through an alley strewn with reminders of Tibet's discontent under Chinese rule. A huge banner - emblazoned “Sacrifice of Life for Tibet” - honours more than 100 Tibetans who have immolated themselves in the past two years in despairing, solitary protests in their repressed homeland, many using their final moments to call for the Dalai Lama's return.
Yet now that this taboo has been broken, two decisions remain to be taken.
Yet the measures have not been enough to offset the economic pain. Despite a surge in bond issuance, many local governments are running out of funds after the pandemic took a toll on fiscal revenue.
One answer is that the high indebtedness is just a result of China’s extraordinarily high savings rates. But its national savings rates were already very high before the crisis, when the levels of indebtedness were not exploding.
It is well known that international bond investors have loaned tens of billions of dollars to chinese companies in recent years and that some of those companies, notably Sino Forest and China Forestry, are now in distress.
The UK's share of foreign exchange trading volumes jumped from 31.3 per cent in April 2004 to 34.1 per cent in April 2007, the latest triennial survey from the Bank for International Settlements has revealed.
samsung electronics is expected to overtake Intel as the world’s largest chipmaker in the current quarter, for the first time ever, on the back of strong demand for chips for mobile devices and data servers.
Funds of hedge funds familiar with the performance of Renaissance Technologies, one of the world's largest hedge funds, run by billionaire James Simons, said it had experienced difficulties this week as its quantitative approach struggled to deal with increasingly volatile market conditions. A spokesman for Renaissance did not return a call.
Sudden declines in the value of China’s currency often prompt rich chinese people to move money into us dollars or assets such as foreign real estate to avoid further wealth depreciation.
retail investors again seem to think they can make money in the emerging world, and have sent money pouring back in. But where, exactly, can they find value?
As with most statistics churned out by the Chinese government, the numbers come with a caveat. But they are supported by another statistic that helps explain the shopping spree: rural net incomes grew at a faster rate than urban ones in 2010, for the first time since 1997.
The rebound in the world’s second-largest economy was largely the result of government efforts to shore up growth with looser monetary policy and a “mini-stimulus” of investment in infrastructure such as rail and subway systems.
A mediation convention was proposed by the US in 2014, and its development assigned to a working group of the UN’s commission on international trade law. Timothy Schnabel, then a state department attorney, headed the US delegation to the group.
Oxford Economics on Tuesday upgraded its forecast for China’s full-year growth to 2.1 per cent, and expects growth of 8.1 per cent next year. Louis Kuijs, head of Asia economics at the consultancy, anticipated a tightening of policy to weigh on quarter-on-quarter growth next year.
The latest wave of anti-trust investigations in China – first Qualcomm and now Microsoft and the ongoing criminal investigations involving GSK – is having an unsettling effect on global supply chains across a variety of industry sectors.
In China, however, neither mechanism works. bad debt is not written down and the government is not subject to hard budget constraints. It is the government sector that is mainly responsible for the investment misallocation that characterises so much recent Chinese growth.
“If marketing budgets shrink, and they are often the first to be cut in a downturn, digital will still continue to grow,” said Eric Bader, managing director of digital at MediaVest.
PetroChina, the listed subsidiary of chinese oil and gas producer CNPC, told the financial times it had drilled about 20 wells in its shale gas acreage in southern sichuan province and that initial results had been positive.
Europeans still harbouring concerns about a horsey taste in their hamburgers should spare a thought for Walmart customers in China, who are dealing with a food safety scandal that reads like an Aesop fable.
The first concerns the significant, yet silent, return of governments to the economic playing field. Three of the five richest nations by total gross domestic product have become de facto neo-mercantilist, setting their sights on trade surpluses. China is keeping its currency artificially low in order to increase its trade surplus and lower its costs of production vis-a-vis competitor countries. Japan is pursuing government-oriented policies to bolster its position in high-technology markets. Finally, and to a lesser degree, Germany has been carrying out reforms to restore industrial competitiveness. In addition, countries that have access to natural resources, notably oil and gas, have revenues that serve as both an instrument and aim of their international policy. trade surpluses have resulted, demonstrating the capacity of governments to acquire massive amounts of foreign assets through sovereign wealth funds. The problems that arise are not economic, but political. Governments may use technology transfer or control of strategic national assets as a means to increase bargaining power in international affairs.
Pioneered by Google and other tech companies, autonomous driving is becoming one of the most disruptive forces in the auto industry, and carmakers are setting out their positions.
The board of the British FTSE 250 utility on Tuesday unanimously recommended the 465p-a-share all-cash offer from CKI, giving the company an enterprise value, including net debt, of £4.74bn.
If Davos 2010 was dominated by the question of rebuilding the strength of the world’s banks, this year there has been a pause for thought, as bankers, regulators and politicians consider what the consequences of that reconstruction project will be.
However, the overall supply of gas to the market is stymied by costly subsidies on domestic gas prices that are borne by state-owned oil companies.
Singapore, too, has established itself as a home to growing numbers of hedge funds and as the region's leading centre for private banking, not to mention a niche for shipping and listed real estate companies.
Lorraine Kelly has been going to the Gala bingo hall in Stratford most weekends for the past two decades. Even though the east london business has changed hands multiple times over that period, she says the place has stayed largely the same.
In some ways, this year's Davos emphasised how universal these brideas now are. Twenty years after brthe end of the cold war, it is still faintly astonishing to find the brRussian prime minister warning against a “blind belief” in the “over-arching power of the state” and the chinese premier letting it be known he is rereading Adam Smith in a search for inspiration.
“We are drafting the final regulations at the moment to allow the resumption of merger and acquisition in the securities industry,” a senior regulator told the Financial Times.
The US vice-president’s lunch for five included noodles, steamed buns, soft drinks, and some cold side dishes to boot. Yet the tab came to a paltry Rmb79. Even with a 20 per cent tip (as is US custom), the whole lunch still came in return for a crisp red Rmb100 note.
The EU has found it hard to muster a robust response to Vladimir Putin’s aggression in Ukraine because of the risk to Europe’s energy and commercial interests. Germany and Italy are reliant on Russia for oil and gas and do not want supplies cut. France has a €1.2bn contract for the sale of Mistral ships to the Russian navy which it does not want to lose. Britain fears the impact that a boycott of Russia might have on the City of London.
About 1,800 1960s and 1970s apartment blocks have had their flat tops replaced with “prettier” sloping roofs, according to Lu Haijun of the city's environmental construction office.
Ms Ardern will travel to Beijing on Monday for a one-day visit, which has been cut short following the terrorist attacks on two Mosques in Christchurch that killed 50 people.
Initially, the village's proximity to hong kong was a liability. In the 1950s a one-metre high fence was constructed, separating villagers from the river they fished to supplement meagre agricultural incomes.
Jiangsu Changjiang Electronics Technology, China’s biggest chip tester, has made an offer to buy Temasek’s 83 per cent stake in Singapore-based Stats ChipPac for $780m in cash in the largest ever move by a Chinese semiconductor group overseas.
Home is where the money is, for now. On Wednesday, internet security software maker Qihoo became the latest US-listed chinese company to receive a buyout offer from investors and management — the 14th this year.
That valuation, which implies Facebook is now worth more than time warner or Yahoo, is about double the amount indicated by private sales of the company’s stock on secondary markets just five months ago.
And so it is with a move by the Bank of China, the country’s fourth-largest lender by assets, to offer limited renminbi deposit services to personal banking customers at its London, New York, Canadian and southeast asian branches.
But, equally, investors say their confidence is inspired by improved fiscal discipline, liberalisation of key sectors of some economies, and the fragile re-emergence in countries such as Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana of a middle class.
In its annual position paper, the organisation aired a host of complaints from its member companies and explicitly accused Beijing of violating its world trade organisation commitments through heavy-handed certification requirements.
The park assist system is not the only piece of the Touran's technology that provides genuine benefit for day-to-day driving, as opposed to some of the dubious stuff (does anybody really need heated seats and backrests?) now adding unnecessary weight and complexity to cars.
The second is the lesson above all drawn by milton friedman and Anna Schwartz in the 1960s. In their view, the Depression was the result of the Fed's policy failure in the aftermath of 1929. There was a massive monetary contraction, which was responsible for the severity of the downturn. In the future, central banks should commit themselves to providing extra liquidity in such cases.
Second, the Fed wanted to push up risky asset prices and thus stimulate investment. It succeeded. QE2 started after a significant correction for stocks. The FTSE-All World index was no higher than it had been a year earlier. Now, risk assets are wobbling and lacking in direction  but there has been no wholesale correction.
How has it come to this? It is entirely regrettable that relations between two of the most important economies in Asia should have deteriorated so far. If two democracies, with the supposed checks and balances of a free press and independent institutions, can be at daggers drawn, what hope for Japan’s relationship with China, where the communist party has its own reasons for keeping the flames of nationalism and hatred alive?
Ms Sturgeon has been helped by the failure of ineffectual Conservative and Labour leaders in Scotland to hold the SNP to account over its poor domestic record in, say, health and education. It is another irony that Mr Johnson’s desire to preserve the union would benefit from the resurgence of Labour in Scotland as another credible alternative to the SNP.
The choreographed exchange yesterday was intended to depict a unified royal family as it went through a radical power shift that is reshaping the leadership of Saudi Arabia, the world’s top oil producer and crucial US ally. It puts prince mohammed on course to succeed King Salman, his octogenarian father, and solidifies his power base as he pushes ahead with highly ambitious plans to transform the kingdom for a post-oil future.
In stark contrast to the slow pace of reform in derivatives markets in the US and Europe, China's regulators have in recent months shut down the main route by which foreign banks sold derivatives from offshore operations and have banished speculative deals &ndash  moves that have important implications not only for chinese companies and foreign banks, but also for the evolution of China's capital markets and the internationalisation of the renminbi.
Even taboos against games such as poker and mahjong are eroding. The Communist Youth League recently invested in an online poker company, though officials insist players will not be able to cash in virtual chips.
The UN report, published as a new famine in southern Somalia reminds us of the region’s fragility, makes for a devastating read. The Red Sea state of Eritrea, whose principled rebel movement won the admiration of western leftwingers in the 1970s and 1980s, is shown in 417 carefully-documented pages to have matured into the most cynical of rogue states.
China returned to a modest trade surplus last month after recording a deficit in March. The 87 per cent reduction in the surplus compared with last year could ease some of the pressure on Beijing to appreciate its currency.
Thomas Neff and James Citrin, headhunters from Spencer Stuart, published their views on the matter two years ago in their bluntly titled book emiYou're In Charge – Now What?/em. They argue that meticulous preparation is necessary to be effective on days one to 100. This means using the weeks before you start in the new role to do some systematic research.
Tens of thousands of hong kong citizens will gather on Thursday night for their annual commemoration of the 1989 tiananmen square massacre, but activists are more divided than ever as the struggle for democracy in the Chinese territory intensifies.
analysts say Mr Khan faces his best chance  of achieving power since entering politics 22 years ago, following the imprisonment  of Nawaz Sharif, who was prime minister until being ousted last year on charges of corruption.
The european central bank scrambled to head off a potential financial crisis yesterday by making an emergency injection of &#8364 94.8bn worth of funds into the region's money markets, after signs that liquidity was drying up.
The company said Jing Nan, CFO and an executive director at Jinmao, had been “invited to visit [the ICAC] in relation to an investigation, following the execution of a search warrant by the ICAC in the Company’s principal office in Hong Kong”.
Yesterday’s vote saw the House decide 218-208 to approve a stripped-down version of a trade bill that had failed to advance last week because of a move by Democrats to block an associated worker aid programme.
Avago has already emerged as one of the sector’s most acquisitive companies, striking three deals in the past year alone. It said it would pay $17bn in cash and about $20bn in stock to acquire California-based Broadcom, which makes communication chips used in data centres and mobile devices made by companies including Apple and Samsung.
Last week the company raised $25bn in emergency funding from three of Japan’s largest banks while saying it had “sufficient liquidity”.
Ethan Hanabury, associate dean at Columbia, says that the number of students on the school's new york programme, plus those on EMBA Global, EMBA Global Asia and the Columbia/Berkeley EMBA, adds up to about 700 who take the Columbia electives. "I think this means we have an unparalleled set of electives to offer," he says.
Beijing’s display of martial might on the 70th anniversary of Communist rule was a sobering moment. The line-up of sophisticated weaponry, including a new intercontinental ballistic missile, said a good deal about China’s great power ambitions. Europe was looking the other way as the tanks trundled through Tiananmen Square. For now, second-guessing the fortunes of us president donald trump is the only game in town.
chinese smartphone maker xiaomi has launched an aggressive push into India, placing renewed pressure on market leader Samsung amid heightening competition in the country’s rapidly expanding mobile-device sector.
Last.fm, the online music service now owned by CBS, recently invited its users to east london for a day of free food, drink and a spot of work.
These can invest in commodities, gold, or anything linked to an index. They have very low charges of just 1.5 per cent and are offered by a range of banks including.
Workers’ rights groups attacked the plan, which they said would take away jobs from working-class Israelis and submit chinese workers to exploitative conditions amounting to indentured labour.
Governments around the world have continued to push up trade barriers in spite of high-profile pledges at the G20 summit and other forums to resist protectionism, according to a world trade organisation report to be published today.
“There are real opportunities here to create employment and benefit the community,” she said, adding: “We're very keen to have a good working relationship with Chalco.”
The slide in crude prices to a five-year low this week following Opec’s decision to keep oil output unchanged should have been welcomed in energy-hungry China.
At the second and last meeting of Donald Trump’s much-hyped business advisory council in the spring, the us president asked more than a dozen US chief executives if the treasury department should formally declare China a “currency manipulator” and impose punitive tariffs on Chinese imports.
A report on inequality in the UK said last week that girls had better educational results than boys at 16, went to university in greater numbers and achieved better degrees once they got there. “More women now have higher education qualifications than men in every age group up to age 44,” the report said.
But managers ignore it at their cost. As Mr Michelson says: “It doesn't mean you should take action on every bit of information you hear but if it's from a reliable source, it is probably worth listening to.” He cites the findings of an inquiry in 2005 that looked into how two male psychiatrists working from the same British hospital were able to sexually abuse female patients over a period of more than two decades undetected. The final report found that management should have paid greater heed to rumours indicating that abuse was going on.
The US president’s initial tariffs, imposed on $50bn-worth of chinese exports in June, did not bring swift victory. Instead, they were met with Chinese retaliation. Now mr trump is preparing to impose tariffs on a further $200bn-worth of imports from China, which will probably be met, once again, by a tit-for-tat response from Beijing. The world is on the very brink of a major trade war between the US and China, and it is unlikely to end quickly.
Last week Relativity Media, a Hollywood film studio, filed for bankruptcy protection. But even before its fall from grace, chinese companies including Alibaba Pictures,Baidu,Dalian Wanda,Tencent and Huayi Brothers Media Corp had been eyeing the business closely.
Mari Pangestu, Indonesia's trade minister, sought to play down the ban to avoid risking broader relations with one of Indonesia's largest trading partners. “This is not a trade war. It is a temporary suspension, not yet a permanent ban,” Ms Pangestu said after meeting officials from the fisheries ministry, food and drug monitoring agency and the food industry.
One legacy remains: the postal branch system, which still appeals to customers needing to visit their banks. Yet as banks strive to cut costs, having fewer branches appeals to their shareholders. This is the backdrop against which China wants a public listing for its own postal bank.
I am addicted to praise. The condition is neither attractive nor mature nor productive. Yet I crave praise and, if I don't get it, I go into a decline. If I do get it, I hold it up to the light to assess its quality and, if it passes muster, I experience a brief &ldquo praise rush&rdquo . But then I want &ndash  I need &ndash  more.
His most important one — a forum in May for his “New Silk Road” initiative to strengthen infrastructure links across the Eurasian land mass and into Africa — was similarly overshadowed by North Korea’s successful test of an intermediate range missile capable of hitting the US territory of Guam.
The coronavirus outbreak is hitting China’s exports and disrupting global supply chains. The world’s second-largest economy has been at a near standstill for two weeks after the government extended the lunar new year holiday to contain the disease, which has killed more than 1,000 people and infected 40,000 worldwide.
● financial and professional servicesbr● environment and climate changebr● energybr● infrastructurebr● life sciencesbr● information communication technologybr● advanced engineering.
The US is to open talks with Cuba about establishing full diplomatic relations and reopening an embassy in Havana, potentially bringing to an end five decades of hostility and one of the last vestiges of the Cold War.
For policymakers, the immediate concern is the survival of an industry that is not only a big contributor to gross domestic product and a big employer, but also for many nations strategically important. In France, president emmanuel macron on Tuesday unveiled an €8bn support package including increased subsidies for buyers of electric or hybrid cars and support for research into hydrogen power. He set a target of producing 1m electric cars annually by 2025. His efforts to encourage “reshoring” of production are partly about industrial policy, but also reflect weaknesses that the pandemic has highlighted in global supply chains. Unfortunately for Mr Macron, his package is unlikely to prevent expected big job losses at Renault, one of France’s automotive champions.
Japan's government will use part of its nearly $1,000bn in foreign exchange reserves to help cash-strapped companies in an effort to combat tight credit conditions and the deepening global recession.
The hong kong dollar has followed the decline of the us dollar as a result of the currency peg that has been in place since 1983. In recent months international funds have flowed into Hong Kong's financial system both to participate in IPOs and also to buy up mainland companies already listed in Hong Kong.
mr murdoch outlined some of his business plans in his letter to the Bancroft family. He pledged to invest in Dow Jones' digital operations, bolster the Journal's Washington bureau and use his formidable resources to reinvigorate the paper in Europe and Asia – two markets in which the Journal has made heavy cuts in recent years.
Market developments in the past few weeks should be seen as a warning. What has been evident for a number of months is that, in the US, we are seeing lagging inflation and slower growth. Whether this means that we are going to have to fend off recessionary tendencies is not yet clear. However, what is clear to me is that in the next year a material correction in the markets will occur.
That is why credit default swaps on berkshire hathaway have traded at high prices as banks and investors have adjusted to the notion, unthinkable until recently, that the company could go bust. The company shows no sign of doing so, but the idea is not entirely fanciful.
Emerging equity fund inflows surged to $80.3bn in 2009, according to research group EPFR Global. That was the highest influx since EPFR started tracking the data in 1997 and compared with $49.5bn of outflows in 2008.
The announcement follows chinese media reports that the SSE had given permission to Chinese fund companies to develop global ETFs to track overseas indices such as the dow jones industrial Average.
Observe the results. In the early 1990s the still state-owned Credit Lyonnais blew $5bn on Hollywood ventures and had to be bailed out by its taxpayer owners. Last year, Saxony's Landesbank, Sachsen LB, was one of the first German banks to disclose big losses on credit derivatives.
“The stamp duty news makes a real difference to my boyfriend and I.”
After all, China’s property and infrastructure markets are big drivers of commodity demand. Fears of a rout in these segments – which, combined, make up over half of China’s gross domestic product – may be overdone. fixed asset investment grew by about a quarter last year and continued urbanisation should keep it robust. Meanwhile, growth in property investment surged by a third. Although Beijing badly wants this breakneck growth to slow, it dare not risk a crash. Affordable housing projects are going ahead. And so long as inflation remains in check (estimates for December inflation are about 4 per cent), policymakers still have some tools to keep a slump at bay. Home purchase restrictions are being eased and credit caps are loosening – new loans extended in December were the highest since April. An impending relaxation of banks’ reserve requirement ratio should free up more lending.
Apple has already staked out its claim to the TV set, announcing plans for a networking gadget early next year to stream video from a computer – unusual for a company that does not normally talk about new products in advance, and a sign of how strategically important this is.
In its yearly results last week, Barclays booked a gain of &pound 2.3bn on the difference between the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired from Lehman and the price paid for them. The gain accounted for about a third of Barclays' pre-tax profits and helped Barclays Capital, its investment banking arm, to record a profit of &pound 1.3bn.
The People’s Bank of China late Sunday cut deposit and lending rates by 0.25 percentage points, effective from today. It is the latest effort by the PBoC to stimulate growth hot on the heels of weak trade data, and signals China’s reversal from “running one of the tightest global monetary policies,” said economists at Jefferies.
With trading volumes again nearing the levels they reached in May, when chinese market turnover eclipsed the rest of Asia combined, and with China expected to be the single largest IPO market in the world this year, it is easy to understand why.
So there are risks both ways – asymmetric perhaps, but surely significant, both in terms of their impact and their probability.
As 2014 comes to a close, the financial times once again engages in a harmless bit of soothsaying. As ever, we invite some of the FT’s experts and commentators to dim the lights, dust down their crystal balls and predict what the next 12 months will bring on topics ranging from the British general election to the outlook for wearable technology.
If there is one business opportunity that could build prosperity and improve lives across the globe, it would surely be to raise the education and skill levels of those who currently lack them, writes Brian Groom.
Ah ... the glitz! The glamour! The gorgeousness of Fran&ccedil ois-Henri Pinault whisking wife Salma Hayek off to Venice last month for a celebrity-studded second wedding. From the Balenciaga dress to the crystal-studded bouquet, it was a fairytale affair. But, while Pinault is a luxury mogul, apparently he's not the only one splashing out on a wedding in spite of the downturn.
It is against this relatively positive backdrop that regulators across the Asia-Pacific region are discussing how they can contribute to the global debate on fresh regulation. Few expect to tear up their rulebooks.
The hominids seem to have placed the bodies of their deceased there over many years — the first time such a ritual has been observed in a species other than Homo sapiens and Neanderthals.
According to the optimists, meanwhile, there will be enough to go around. Provided they act fast enough, the Yahoos and Ebays will remain powers on the internet, even as newcomers create large businesses from scratch. "I think both types of company will do well," says Marc Andreessen, a co-founder of Netscapewho has joined the latest start-up wave with Ning, his social networking company. "The market is so big now and there's so much to do."
Now in her mid-sixties, she decided a decade ago to start taking less work. To make ends meet, in 2010 she became one of the very first hosts on Airbnb, renting out the spare room and bathroom in the home she affectionately calls the “nest”.
Self-driving cars, a long-promised revolution, are still only available to a few hundred people in a handful of select sites around the world. Meanwhile, electric bikes and scooters are quickly becoming ubiquitous in dozens of cities.
While Nobel’s bequest established prizes that commemorate his love of literature and science, it seems unlikely he would ever have considered rewarding managers in the same way, except perhaps to encourage them to do the dull managerial jobs he hated.
“Of course, the decision-making mechanism will be more balanced if a decision of the state council is needed and the opinions of more ministries are taken into account,” said Mr Liu, the head of the monetary policy research department.
Beijing has promised for three years to rein in heavy industries, and set targets early last year for cuts in energy use and pollution emissions, but has fallen short on every marker.
Nobody looking at Tencent’s financial statements – with its continued double-digit revenue growth and 68 per cent gross margin – would come to the conclusion that the company needs to change its business model.
The move to break up the local arm of Bertelsmann's Direct Group comes after years of disappointing progress in China in spite of a partial opening of the book retail and distribution sector to foreign investment.
The Swiss company has a sizeable business in India, where it has a small advisory relationship with the bank. HSBC said it would be complying with the regulatory request for Ms Kidwai to step down. She joined the Nestlé board in April and is likely to step down before the next board meeting in September.
Some Japanese officials have suggested that mr abe might still be able to visit the shrine, which honours Japan's war dead including a handful of convicted war criminals, if he goes without publicity.
Seoul had previously denounced plans to change the guidelines as evidence of Japan’s “imperialistic ambitions” in the region. China’s foreign ministry expressed “grave concern” yesterday over the Japanese directive. The description mandated by the guidelines, which lay down a basic framework for classroom instruction and textbook writing, is in line with Japan’s official view of the island groups. But in seeking to control tightly the way teachers explain territorial disputes to students, the updated rules represent a stricter and more prescriptive approach than previous governments’.
Speaking before a conference in London to launch a series of private sector initiatives to relieve poverty in the developing world, Mr Dervis said that the rise in food and energy prices had wiped out virtually all the modest increase in aid flows of the past decade.
From vintage-inspired driving goggles to Savile Row tailoring, clothing has become a defining feature of vintage car events. When the historic motoring season kicks off this weekend with Goodwood’s 72nd members’ meeting – the first since 1966 – enthusiasts will be showing off their wardrobes as well as their wheels.
Achieving a paperless home office is like a mirage: it always recedes into the distance. That does not stop me resolving every new year to try harder, and this time I have some electronic help. I have put two scanners to the test copying and sending documents, receipts and newspaper clippings for digital storage.
Citigroup's rivals are lobbying the government to shackle its investment banking business and international operations if the authorities nationalise or take a large stake in the troubled financial group.
But, notwithstanding the risks, the administration is choosing to chase the chimera of a “better deal” with Iran. mr trump is betting that, with the appearance of domestic political pressure to reimpose sanctions, Iran and the other signatories to the agreement will be moved to accommodate US concerns by entering new talks to strengthen the core nuclear provisions of the agreement — as well as addressing issues such as terrorism and human rights.
Foreign money has always played a huge role in luxury property markets like Manhattan and London. While international buyers in new york tend to come and go depending on the strength of the dollar relative to their local currency, veteran appraiser Jonathan Miller, the president and chief executive of Miller Samuel, tells me that foreign buyers over the past few years have come to represent a baseline 15 per cent of the Manhattan luxury market.
When they later discovered they had larger Facebook holdings than originally thought, many rushed to offload excess holdings, sparking a tumble in Facebook’s shares in the following trading days.
As they rush through personal pronouns and numbers from one to five, I have difficulty keeping up. The children then stand up to ask each other’s names in Mandarin. Two boys get permission to show off and also say: “Hello, how are you?”
donald trump lashed out at Anthony Fauci, a top white house coronavirus task force member, calling him a “disaster” as the us president attempted to deflect attention from his handling of the pandemic with just two weeks until the election.
chinese property investors are facing a squeeze after a period of rapid house price inflation in the country’s leading cities.
“Publishing GDP data quarterly will look old-fashioned,” he says. “Giving structure to the data is immensely complex. But maybe we could start with getting monthly data on the economy rather than quarterly. That would be a good first step.”
In both countries there is some hopeful talk about "decoupling" - the much-discussed notion that the economic fortunes of Asia are no longer so dependent on the US. In India, officials and businessmen are quick to note that the country's largest trading partner is now China, not the US. China itself, which will surpass Germany as the world's largest exporter this year, also no longer looks primarily towards the US. The european union (itself flirting with recession) is a bigger market - taking roughly 22 per cent of Chinese exports, compared with about 18 per cent bound for America. In both China and India domestic investment is high - and domestic consumption is rising sharply.
Shareholders in Euronext yesterday voted overwhelmingly in favour of a tie up with the new york stock exchange after a battle that saw roadblocks erected by regulators, customers and some of the Paris-based exchange's own investors.
But investors in the world's biggest steelmaker had widely believed that Mr Mittal, whose family owns 43.5 per cent of the group, was already calling the shots. This view could assuage concerns over corporate governance triggered by the decision.
A gradual but irrevocable revolution is starting to percolate through Japan's ski areas: the act of meandering in deep snow through ubiquitous silver birch rather than sticking to the pistes, or gelande, is no longer regarded as taboo.
New iron ore mining projects are seeking and finding China backers as steeply rising prices add urgency to the country's quest to secure fresh supplies.
Consumers do not know what they want, according to Jim Wong, president of Acer. He believes that it is the supplier’s responsibility to figure that out. Judging by the range of products unveiled at this week’s giant Computex PC show in Taipei, the industry is not very sure either.
The figure, compiled by Brussels-based non-profit Transport and Environment, is almost 20 times higher than the last calculation, made two years ago.
The answers to these challenges are straightforward and well known. We need less red tape stifling business, more early-stage funding, and more mentors. Above all, more people need to start a business.
Mr Richenhagen has grown frustrated over the past 18 months with Beijing's refusal to allow Agco to take a majority stake in First Tractor, a state-controlled company that is the country's biggest tractor maker.
The resignation of Halbe Zijlstra, a key ally of Dutch prime minister Mark Rutte, could weaken the Netherlands’ fragile four-party coalition government after only four months in office.
chinese officials first approached Washington last year to discuss working together on a $12bn dam project in the Democratic Republic of Congo, us officials said, but the talks gathered momentum at the annual China-US summit in July in Beijing.
The extraordinary meeting, organised at the behest of the Federal Maritime Commission, the US watchdog, highlights the concern among rival shipping lines about the impact of the proposed tie-up.
&ldquo The idea that London is going to be full of tumbleweed in 10 years is not credible,&rdquo  said Savvas Savouri, chief economist at Tosca. &ldquo There are too many aspirational economies that don't have infrastructures of their own. We have an affinity with India, with the Gulf, even with China, via Hong Kong. These markets will want a western hub.&rdquo
The visit resulted in the start of what was then a unique policy (at Goldman Sachs) of hiring four of the top business school graduates per year, as well as an internship program hosted by the firm.
Smart – or integrated chip technology – cards are already in use on underground and commuter railways, buses and toll highways in Hong Kong, Tokyo, Shanghai, Seoul, Singapore, Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur. In Japan alone, more than 25m have been sold since 2001. They have led to the growth of secondary businesses such as shopping malls within stations.
Brash, trigger-happy and at times downright ugly as its behaviour might have been, India's new television is beginning to play the role of a proper Fourth Estate in a country in which dissatisfaction with institutions of authority is at an all-time high. i
Rarely a day passes without Europe having to confront the extent to which it has become a hostage to three threats: the collapse of the postwar US strategic guarantee of European security  the determination of Russia to continue its policy of destabilising the liberal order  and finally the silent economic hegemony of a rising China.
While economists have long urged China to foster free market competition by allowing lossmaking companies to go bankrupt, their close-knit ties with local banks often allow them
“FLD is a strong company with a very low probability of default,” said Mr Wang, 35, at his office in Shanghai’s financial district. Shrugging off the founder’s arrest, he added: “We make money by having a better idea than our counterparties of how much risky bonds are worth.”
“They are not sure how seriously to take some of his pronouncements but they are rattled by him,” mr obama said after talks with leaders from Japan, Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada. “And for good reason, because a lot of the proposals he has made display either ignorance of world affairs or a cavalier attitude or an interest in getting tweets and headlines instead of thinking through what it is that is required to keep America safe and secure and prosperous and what is required to keep the world on an even keel.”
The commission can impose a maximum penalty equivalent to 10 per cent of a firm’s global turnover for each cartel it is found to be involved with. A bank implicated in all three investigations could, for example, face fines of up to 30 per cent of total revenues.
China this month moved to implement the sanctions on north korea passed unanimously by the UN security council following Pyongyang’s repeated missile tests. Beijing said it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and seafood in three weeks. The sanctions aim to cut North Korea’s $3bn in annual exports by a third. If universally implemented, they could have massive repercussions for the country’s economy.
But for those looking to pick one up online, the bidding on Japan's most popular auction websites yesterday saw consoles changing hands for anything between Y90,000 ($765) and Y150,000 – substantial premiums to the Y50,000 to Y60,000 price tags in the stores.
The writer is an English statistician and epidemiologist at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine
This is not the first time that the objectivity of the US patent system has been called into doubt. In a patent trial against Samsung last year, the sympathies of a Californian jury were widely felt to have handed Apple an advantage. The impression that the US uses its patent system as an instrument of trade protection threatens to undermine international efforts to enforce intellectual property rights – something the US economy, which earns its jam by developing technology at home and exploiting it overseas, can ill-afford.
Kim Yo Jong, the sister of north korean leader kim Jong Un, warned on Wednesday that Kang Kyung-wha would “pay dearly” for her remarks and that already strained inter-Korean relations could get worse, the North’s official KCNA news agency said on Wednesday.
monetary policy shifted its focus towards deleveraging, especially in the shadow banking sector, which has been the main source of financing for infrastructure investment since the global financial crash in 2008.
The 2017 nobel peace prize has been awarded to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
The drop in house prices, revealed in figures published yesterday, followed an 18.2 per cent year-on-year decline in the prior month. No major city was spared. Phoenix, las vegas and Minneapolis faced the sharpest declines from the previous month in December. Boston, Denver and new york notched relatively small declines.
In the decade since hu jintao became secretary-general of the Communist party, China’s economy has gone from a size of $1.5tn, the world’s sixth-largest, to $7.3tn, second only to the US. Since 2002 per capita income has more than tripled from $1,135 to $5,445, transforming China from a low-income country on a par with Cape Verde to a middle-income one more like Montenegro.
All of the big offshore investments made last year are deeply in the red.
In the case of Germany’s Dax, it already sits in a bear market for 2018, after a drop of more than a fifth since it peaked in January. The 10-year German Bund yield has loitered around 0.25 per cent, its lowest level since the summer of 2017, as the eurozone’s most important economy suffers from China’s focus on excessive leverage and trade protectionism.
The reshuffle follows Mr Kan’s victory over a heavyweight rival in the party in a hard-fought leadership battle this week, which underscored the DPJ’s struggles to adapt to power after its historic election win in September 2009.
On the positive externality side, I doubt that more distant neighbours enjoy the show as much as you think, not knowing when it is going to start. And they may be aggravated by the noise.
The russian government manipulated the electoral process – outrageously – to get the right result: a curious sign of Putin's weakness, not his strength, since no one doubted that most people would vote the way the government wanted, for their own good reasons. Nevertheless both elections had a certain legitimacy despite the obvious flaws. The voters were offered a choice on March 2 and many of them took it. One in five voted for Gennady Zyuganov, the veteran Communist – nearly twice as many as predicted. One in 10 voted for Vladimir Zhirinovsky, the rightwing political showman. We may not like these results – it is always disconcerting when people fail to vote the way you think they should. But it is very different from what happened in Kazakhstan in 2006, when President Nursultan Nazarbaev, who had been in power for 17 years, was re-elected for another seven by 95 per cent of the voters.
Although Democratic and Republican leaders, including the party's presidential nominees, have called for a bipartisan effort to address the financial crisis, they have all also expressed deep misgivings about the current proposal.
“In principle, we will not approve the building of any new crushers or the expansion by existing firms in the years to come, because output already exceeds demand and repeated construction has become a serious problem,” she said.
iMG src="/ftimages/000003800/1.gif" border=0
Ma Jiantang of the Chinese Academy of Governance told a recent government conference that many entrepreneurs believed “investment should not cross the Shanhai pass”, a section of the great wall of China that divides the north-east from the rest of the country.
“Our gum has a great taste, it is easy to remove and has the potential to be environmentally degradable,” said Terence Cosgrove, a chemistry professor at Bristol and chief scientist of Revolymer. He declined to hand out scarce samples to the audience in York but said a tasting panel of 20 chewing-gum experts had approved its “mouth feel”.
I cannot see how the EFSF can offer similarly attractive rates. We are not yet in a position where it would make sense for any country, not even Ireland or Portugal, to borrow from the EFSF.
Apocalyptic conflict, power politics, magic, the perils of new media, dragons and fake news. This week’s “Berliner Salon” hosted by the German ambassador to the UK and his wife did not lack imagination or ambition. On the stage in the elegant suite of reception rooms overlooking London’s Belgrave Square were the author Daniel Kehlmann, whose latest novel Tyll plays out during the Thirty Years’ War, in discussion with the novelist Ian McEwan. Surveying the audience of over 200, including a fair smattering of luminaries of cultural and intellectual London, Mr McEwan wondered whether similar gatherings were to be found at the British embassy in Berlin.
But in the modern world, both these advantages seem to be diminishing.
The first is valuations, which were “extremely depressed and discounting a lot of bad news”, said Malcolm Wood, Asia strategist at Morgan Stanley.
For his part, the Russian president, who has been given prime billing at the meeting, used the occasion to draw parallels with Moscow’s own regional initiative, the Eurasian Economic Union, and said the Chinese and Russian plans were complementary. Eurasian integration, he said, “is a civilisational project for the future”.
Satellite data provided by London-based company Inmarsat have been crucial, but not enough, in the task of pinpointing the plane.
Yet Mr Ryan’s fellow Republicans rushed to distance themselves from his idea of replacing Medicare with insurance vouchers set to dwindle in value. This followed a speedy public repudiation of president george W. Bush’s plan for partial privatisation of Social Security, the US public pension system, a few years back. Both events made clear that Americans do not share the right’s vision of replacing public social insurance with private provision.
Danone, the French food and drinks group embroiled in a dispute with a joint-venture partner in China, is also having difficulties in India, where it faces legal action in a disagreement over the licensing of international rights to the Tiger biscuit brand.
Apple, Amazon and Google have formed a rare alliance to improve smart home devices, in an effort to avoid a turf war that limits the market for gadgets powered by Alexa, Siri and Google Assistant.
However, the government's main environmental agency, which also polices emissions standards, is insisting the rules remain in place. “They [the two government agencies] will have to come to some sort of compromise because they are saying very different things,” said one China-based industry executive.
About 100m shares changed hands in the first 10 minutes, as the price briefly hit $99.70 before dipping back below the opening price to around $90 in lunchtime trading. By day’s end more than 271m shares were traded.
In private, chinese officials are more sanguine. “Trump is unpredictable in one sense but he’s very predictable in another sense,” one official told the Financial Times. “He has been a protectionist his whole life.”
Regulators yesterday moved to restore the reputation of London as a financial centre after scandals involving two poorly governed emerging market mining companies tarnished the City and threatened to drive business to other capitals.
The New Pirates: Modern Global Piracy from Somalia to the south china sea
The administration thinks the pace of recovery will pick up soon. Last week president barack obama called the pause a “bump in the road”. Others think the slowdown will persist and might get worse, fears that cannot be dismissed. One alarming possibility is that the traits the US has relied on to drive growth in the past – labour market flexibility, rapid productivity growth – might have become toxic. If the US is unlucky, traits seen as distinctive strengths are now weaknesses, and a “lost decade” of stagnation, like Japan’s in the 1990s, might lie ahead.
The national security Agency’s surveillance methods have suffered a significant legal setback after a federal judge ruled on Monday that a programme that collects bulk phone records was likely to be unconstitutional.
Now 68, she is a star. The trilogy alone has sold 1.9 million copies in the UK, according to Nielsen BookScan. The first two books have been made into BBC TV adaptations, while the Royal Shakespeare Company’s version reached Broadway. The trilogy sets history charging at a pace. Mantel maps the rise of Cromwell from blacksmith’s son to one of the most powerful men in the court of Henry VIII. Weaving research and staggering imagination, her pacy present tense fashions the past anew.
The move comes on the heels of the US army’s decision to stop using DJI drones due to cyber security concerns. In a memo dated August 2 the department of the US Army directed staff to “cease all use, uninstall all DJI applications, remove all batteries/storage media from devices, and secure equipment for follow on direction”.
The cuts to corporation tax – intended to make Britain a more attractive location for inward investors and deflect business concerns about competitiveness – will be financed by cutting back on complex allowances and reliefs for industry.
The yield on US benchmark debt fell below 3 per cent on Wednesday, its lowest level in six months, as weak economic data fanned fears that the us recovery is stalling again.
Is it that gaps in life expectancy across space and across class are large and expanding? Or is it that education and family life are so much better for some than for others? Or is it that many people feel left behind, not only in the struggle for prosperity, but also in their ability to participate in society through politics, with many feeling that people like them are not represented in government?
Democrats argue that the cheap renminbi makes exports more attractive and contributes to the $232.6bn us trade deficit with China.
Just six months after raising $22.1bn in the world’s largest initial public offering to date, agricultural bank of China is returning to the market to raise a further $7.6bn through a sale of subordinated debt.
The Pentagon has become especially sensitive to the growing threat from cyberspace since last June, when hackers successfully penetrated and stole data from the unclassified network serving Robert Gates, the us defence secretary.
The benchmark shanghai composite index fell 0.54 per cent yesterday to end at 3,351.65 points, far below the high of 6,124 points it reached in October, in spite of efforts by the government to prop up prices by cutting stamp duty, curbing the sale of state-owned shares and warning local fund managers not to dump stocks.
The company will pay the Afghan government $400m a year to exploit what some geologists think could be the world's biggest copper deposit.
“There are more and more calls to Russia for rescue from this lawlessness. That puts us in an extremely complicated situation,” Mr Lavrov said. “Those who are deliberately trying to trigger a civil war, obviously hoping to provoke a big, serious, bloody conflict, are engaging in a criminal policy. And we will not only condemn but also stop it.”
Is there a common theme linking these five events? Clearly. The link is the growing strain on the world's sole superpower. America is locked into a draining and demoralising war. Russia, an old adversary, is becoming more assertive. China, a new rival, is on the rise. Pakistan, a vital ally, threatens to fall apart. The us economy is under more strain than for years. Happy new year. /b
The dollar value of China’s exports contracted unexpectedly in February as imports spiked, resulting in the country’s first trade deficit since early 2014.
“The sharp rebound was driven by the continued domestic recovery and increased domestic demand due to currency appreciation,” noted Erin Xin, an economist for Greater China at HSBC.
Zambia and Ecuador have already been forced to seek debt restructurings, and many more are expected to follow given the scale of the economic and financial shocks caused by the virus outbreak.
Setting out the third largest upward revision in the BoE’s forecasts since it gained independence to set monetary policy in 1997, economists noted how much more optimistic the central bank was now than the average of independent economists and other international organisations.
The rich farming soil in central china is an unlikely field for financial innovation but that is exactly what it has become.
David Burton, the international monetary Fund's Asia-Pacific director, politely told the Singapore Press Club last month that the roots of the crisis lay “in financial and corporate sector weaknesses not fully apparent at the time”. In a blunter series of reports for the asian development bank – which notes that average annual growth in the five worst-hit countries is 2.5 percentage points lower than before the crisis – economists called for improved governance and criticised corruption in Indonesia and the Philippines as “a deeply embedded obstacle to progress”.*
Conventional benchmarks, such as three to four months import cover or the equivalent of short-term external debt, take up a tiny portion of, say, China's $2,000bn booty. That is a blessing for the US, whose debt is now stashed in vaults from Beijing to Bangkok, but creates some rather unproductive assets for Asia.
The demand triggered protests from shareholders that ABN Amro was seeking to frustrate a proposed �2bn ($97.9bn) offer in favour of a lower takeover bid by Barclays, the British bank.
China’s economic slowdown — communist party and government officials insist both in public and in private — is all going according to plan.
For a while – four years in fact – it looked as though hillary clinton had put the past behind her. As America’s top diplomat, she enjoyed by far the highest ratings of any US figure. Her popularity abroad was matched by appreciation at home for the grace with which she buried the hatchet with Barack Obama. Americans most admire politicians who seem to be above politics. mrs clinton had a taste of that. Then she quit as secretary of state (to prepare for her second White House bid). She has been losing altitude ever since. The worry among Democrats is her woes are only a foretaste of what is to come. They are probably right.
For Sir Fred, the deal was similar to Natwest. ABN Amro had been mismanaged for years. By making a hostile bid, the consortium could avoid messy management compromises, allowing RBS quickly to impose its cost disciplines. The deal would stretch RBS's capital ratios, but its profitability meant these could be quickly rebuilt. Even shareholders seemed to favour RBS. “The perception was that they were not betting the bank – when Barclays was,” says one person involved in the deal.
I was looking the other day at some statistics gathered by my colleague Martin Wolf. A little under 200 years ago, in 1820, China produced about a third of world output and India 16 per cent. The big four european countries accounted for 17 per cent and the US less than 2 per cent. By 1950, the US share had risen to 27 per cent, China's had fallen to 5 per cent and India's to 4 per cent. The European Big Four claimed 19 per cent.
Additional reporting by Xinning Liu and Yingzhi Yang
Questions from a US regulator have prompted Anbang Insurance to drop an application for approval of its $1.57bn buyout of Fidelity & Guaranty Life, the latest regulatory hurdle faced by the chinese company regarding a US acquisition.
But it noted that index users “have provided feedback that they would like to observe further improvements to secondary market liquidity, and increased flexibility in [foreign exchange] execution and the settlement of transactions”.
donald trump is engineering a sharp shift in energy policy by using natural gas exports as an instrument of trade policy, championing sales to China and other parts of Asia in an effort to create jobs and reduce us trade deficits.
However, nowhere in these reforms is there a single mention of the need for business and management education to effect permanent and lasting change. This is probably due, at least in part, to China’s long history in which a task-oriented, conservative and autocratic work culture has dominated throughout and empowerment has rarely featured.
A quiz on arcane facts about Bollywood and cricket might seem an unusual way to start a teleconference between workers in the US and India. But the game, used by US insurer MetLife when training its Indian IT team in new processes, has proved powerful in breaking down cultural barriers and building trust.
Most feature towns are on the outskirts of larger cities. The Ministry of Housing and Urban Development approved 127 feature towns in late-2016 and a further 276 in August. By 2020, the agency wants to develop 1,000.
Of course this eulogy to suite 301 recognises that a room can only become loved if it satisfies its purpose. So while I agree that La Residenza Napoleone III in Rome is among the best three suites in the world, to stay there alone would freak out anybody. With its flower-strewn bed and grand interiors, it is so overwhelmingly romantic that it demands a spouse, partner or lover. In New York, I'd say the same of certain suites at the Carlyle. In Paris, of Le Meurice. In London, of the Connaught.
The historian Lisa Jardine highlights this sentence in Snow’s argument: “It is the traditional culture, to an extent remarkably little diminished by the emergence of the scientific one, which manages the western world.” We didn’t decide we’d had enough of experts in 2016  we made that decision long ago.
Lee Shu-teh, secretary-general of the Taipei city government, said it found that a total of about T$800,000 (US$24,400) over the past three years had been claimed from the mayoral allowance through third party receipts. mr lee said the practice had been an attempt to save time in accounting by combining many small sums spent on items such as newspapers, tea and fruit for the mayor's office into larger sums. “None of this money ended up in the mayor's personal pocket,” he said.
First, economic theory is lacking. Compared to the vast literature on interest rates, little is known about the transmission channels, the lags and the ultimate economic and distributional effects of these unconventional tools. Some of them were standard fare for central banks in the 1950s and 1960s but the field of economic history has been sadly neglected and, in any case, the world has changed since then. Without a solid steer from empirical research, it is risky for policy makers to rely on economic models that predict the impact of different policy options. This is a classic case of “multiplicative uncertainty” for which the optimal response is to move very cautiously. As Alan Blinder once said, “estimate what you should do and then do less”. The problem with this advice is that the media clamour for policies to promote growth is unrelenting whereas few would argue publically for higher inflation. central banks are in the spotlight because they have more freedom to act than politicians, especially in the eurozone where many parliaments are involved.
The issue had originally been underwritten by just three banks: Credit Suisse, JPMorgan Chase and HSBC. At least one large Asian sovereign wealth fund has committed to sub- underwrite several billion dollars of the issue.
Microsoft's statement appeared to point to a potential acquisition of part of Yahoo's business rather than the entire company, although both companies declined to comment.
The economic challenges faced by the world's most interdependent trading partners will get more serious. Even with experienced players, such as mr geithner and Mrs Clinton, the combination of a presidential transition and a depressed us economy could be hazardous to China policy.
The A-shares trading in Shanghai had made a strong start on their debut but have since dropped 29 per cent from their peak in December. In Hong Kong, the benchmark hang seng index has fallen about 17 per cent over the same period.
One of the company's biggest leaps of faith in China came in 2001 when it paid Huawei, a manufacturer of telecoms switching equipment, $750m for Avansys, a power supply business.
Mr Xie said he was confident that a recent decision by the state council, or cabinet, to monitor excessive rises for “daily necessities” and freeze energy prices would begin to quell inflation. “Prices will face big pressures to rise this year. Even if there are no price hikes, the effect of rises in 2007 will have a big impact on prices this year,” he said.
A punishing December capped a year investors will be keen to forget, when almost every major asset class fell. The volatility that marked 2018 sets up some key conundrums facing markets in 2019.
As chief executive worldwide of Saatchi & Saatchi, the advertising agency, Mr Roberts spends his entire year on the road in a touring schedule so rigorous it would get most rock bands reaching for the Red Bull. “My office is my briefcase,” he says.
Mr Grenell has called Sebastian Kurz, Austria’s centre-right chancellor, “ a rock star” and declared himself “a big fan”, violating the principle that — except in extreme cases — ambassadors should not pick political sides in their assigned regions. In the same interview, he pledged to “empower other conservatives throughout Europe”, an implicit criticism of the grand coalition running Germany. Mr Grenell then denied doing what he had undoubtedly done, via Twitter: “The idea that I’d endorse candidates/parties is ridiculous.”
Anti-Americanism will not suddenly, magically disappear. But it will have a harder time surviving and it will be forced to revisit its sales pitch. Will there be a planetary shock wave? Another New Deal, a geopolitical one? One thing is certain, the new president will feel a meta-historical weight on his shoulders: never before has an American election aroused in the rest of the world so much wild yet reasonable hope. i
China’s problems are rooted in its inflexible currency regime. It frustrates economic management by requiring unduly low interest rates to deter speculative inflows  by necessitating exchange rate intervention that generates bmonetary stimulus/b  and, insofar as it keeps the renminbi undervalued, by encouraging excessive investment in manufacturing for export that contributes to China’s growing trade surplus.
“Many of the Swiss bankers simply told their clients that they should move their money to other secret accounts,” said David Garvin, a criminal tax attorney in Miami representing account holders. He said the us government had made it clear it was “going after any bank it knows to be a problem”.
Anything that facilitates business and simultaneously reduces tensions between Beijing and the island it regards as part of its territory can only be applauded.
One of the most exciting Russian stories is the growth of the domestic consumer, driven by a new-found confidence within the country. Robin Geffen, manager of the Neptune Russia and Greater Russia fund says: "Consumption patterns are tiered, with the aspirational middle-class in urban centres buying luxury products, while spending is also growing at the bottom end, as lower-income consumers are joining the middle-class for the first time and are now able to afford more basic household goods, especially in the regions surrounding the major cities. Furthermore, a major trend is the shift from open markets to more organised retail and high hygiene standards for food production and retail."
In Taiwan, March exports fell by a third compared with a year ago, the finance ministry said. Nonetheless, the $15.5bn (&euro 11.5bn, &pound 10.5bn) of goods shipped was the highest in four months and nearly 24 per cent more than in February. &ldquo Exports were slightly boosted by rush orders after the Chinese New Year and by the replenishment of inventory,&rdquo  the ministry said.
Lee Myung-bak, South Korea’s president, has called on north korea to emulate China’s economic model, as only “common prosperity” and peace could lead to an eventual reunification.
It was only later that various human activities became objects of study for distinct scientific disciplines. This is partly a consequence of the necessary specialisation that occurs in any field when knowledge progresses. Yet the social sciences study the same individuals and the same social groups.
Most of the millennial and Gen X parents of school-age children on my street in east london do not ferry them around in estate cars. Instead, SUVs such as Nissan Qashqais and BMW X5s are parked outside, filled with child seats and sports kits. What used to be a peculiarly US transport habit has crossed the Atlantic.
Terry Hanlon, president of metals at Dillon Gage, US bullion dealer, said sales had risen sharply “within a day or two” of the election. “You’ve got a lot of people who are very worried about the economy. With the election they saw that nothing was going to change,” he said.
Global central bank reserves now stand at $7,000bn, a record high, up from $2,000bn at the start of the decade. In contrast, it took all of the 1990s for global FX reserves to double from $1,000bn to $2,000bn.
Liu Yonghao, the chairman of the Hope Group, based in Chengdu, in western Sichuan province, made his first $1m, and more, in the 1990s from feeding pigs.
Whatever the outcome from the current Greek difficulties, it is now clear that the future of the euro, if not the european union itself, is at stake. For an exit from the crisis there is no alternative but to move closer and quickly towards fiscal union.
In one of the odder diplomatic pronouncements of an odd year, Mr Duterte proclaimed in the Great Hall of the People in the Chinese capital: “There are three of us against the world — China, Philippines and Russia. It’s the only way.” This statement was greeted by warm applause from his audience.
The financial times gave part of my job to a robot last week. For years I have been making podcast versions of my column, but now I am faced with stiff competition — in the shape of Experimental Amy.
Leonid Nevzlin, Mr Khodorkovsky's former business partner who fled to Israel in 2003, also said he believed there was little chance of any change. “We have no illusions regarding the new trial,” he said.
So, the thinking goes, as a business you may as well get the credit for something that your staff are probably going to do anyway. And besides, those who provide relaxed get-togethers give their staff an opportunity to bond, get to know people they don't work with in their immediate environment and talk over the week's issues. Perhaps companies that let staff wind down on a Friday afternoon will be more productive than those that keep them working up to the final bell.
The too big to fail get bigger and bigger. JPMorgan, which weathered the financial storm better than all except for certain marine cephalopods, is consolidating its position. Its imment buy-out of the half-share in JPMorgan Cazenove, the UK joint venture it established with City broker Cazenove five years ago, is a case in point. For JPMorgan chief execuitive Jamie Dimon, overseeing assets of over $2,000bn, exercising his call option over Cazenove's 50 per cent stake is a mere tidying up exercise. But for City historians, the passing of this fabled institution proves that while advice may still be local, execution is ever more global.
The obama administration yesterday publicly signalled its growing concern about a possible British exit from the EU, just days before david cameron sets out plans for a referendum on the issue.
north korean dictator kim Jong Un’s non-appearance at a critical national anniversary has fuelled speculation about his health and raised questions over succession plans in the secretive pariah state.
Data for emerging markets shows a similarly confused picture.
The move against the UPU marks the latest swipe by mr trump against the multilateral institution, which was established in the 19th century, and represents another strand in his administration’s economic conflict with Beijing.
To see how China is managing its growing clout over trade and investment around the world, it might help to take a look at how an economic hegemon evolved in the past – Britain’s colonists in eighteenth and nineteenth-century India.
Japan might have blinked first in the increasingly tense diplomatic confrontation with China over the arrest of a Chinese fishing boat captain, who was due to be released on Friday and flown home.
“I will take a step back from day-to-day management of the company’s operations and work with the relevant teams and the board on our long-term strategy and corporate structure,” mr huang said in a statement.
On Friday the renminbi raced to a new high against the US dollar. On Monday central bank actions halted the rally in its tracks. But for how long?
“There are problems with finance,” one person with knowledge of the subject told the Financial Times. “But we are talking and there is progress.”
Ian Forrester, who runs Backstage, a division of the BBC that encourages developers to reuse the corporation's data, helped organise Europe's first hack day in London in 2007.
When the european union decided last month to press ahead with a plan to force foreign airlines to pay for the carbon pollution generated by each flight landing at its airports, Brussels policymakers justified their action as the only way to forge a global solution to one of the fastest-growing sources of greenhouse gas emissions.
The Brazilian Senate was also reportedly set to summon the us ambassador to respond to the accusations, in which local newspaper O Globo also reported the us national security agency and central intelligence agency kept satellite surveillance teams in the country at least until 2002.
It seems simple common sense, therefore, to reduce the dangers, provided the costs of doing so are modest. Houses rarely catch fire, but few would question the wisdom of buying cheap smoke alarms.
China has, after all, threatened to go to war if Taiwan declares independence. In the second half of the 20th century its troops clashed with those of India, the soviet union and Vietnam. The secrecy surrounding Beijing's military spending provokes concern. The situation is made more delicate by several unresolved territorial disputes over islands and maritime boundaries. A fragile peace is kept by the US. But if Tokyo doubted for one second Washington's resolve to come to its defence, it would go nuclear, triggering a regional arms race.
These developments can only add to the perception many have had for some time: that aggressive cyberactivity – whether it involves espionage or the destruction of infrastructure – is now becoming one of the world’s biggest security threats. Military chiefs today describe cyber as the fifth domain of warfare after land, sea, air and space. The idea that a nation could one day cripple another state’s infrastructure through cyberwarfare is not inconceivable. But what can the world do to stop this new arms race spinning out of control before it is too late?
President Roh Moo-hyun is expected to issue a decreeahead of the February 25 swearing-in of his political rival Lee Myung-bak as part of what Mr Roh's government says is a bid to clarify which foreign investments can be blocked.
Yet it is the internet that is finally making China a much fairer place. “In the past, it was only the princelings that had early access to opportunities,” says tech hedge fund manager Richard Ji of All-Stars Investment, and a former tech analyst for Morgan Stanley in Hong Kong. “Now ordinary people do too.”
Born in 1907 when China was in the Qing dynasty, Sir Run Run practises qigong and eats ginseng to stay healthy and alert. Even though he still regularly attends TVB board meetings, these days he often sits quietly without making many comments.
Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, called yesterday for Europe to build a “political union” to underpin the euro and help the continent emerge from its “toughest hour since the second world war”.
Is an affronted and ashamed Irish parliament about to do to its 2011 budget what an affronted and ashamed us congress did to Tarp – throw it out at the first time of asking? The nominal sums may be different, but the comparison is not facile. At stake in Washington in November 2008 was the future of the tottering US banking system. At stake in Dublin on December 7 is the future of the eurozone.
As Liang Ya Pai pulls out a nautical map of the south china Sea, he points to a string of resource-rich islands claimed by both Hanoi and Beijing.
Just as Nato's April summit will reveal the extent of transatlantic unity on hard power, so a financial summit in London just beforehand will be the chief indicator of international co-operation on the economic crisis.
Interest flagged in June and July when as few as 60,000 new accounts were opened daily. But it has picked up again in the past fortnight and reached nearly 180,000 on Monday. trading volumes on the Shanghai exchange have been three times higher this week than in early July.
The Pentagon’s Defense Intelligence Agency’s 140-page report on Tuesday concluded that two decades of growing defence budgets, a keen focus on non-traditional warfare such as information operations, and reforms of its command and control structures were helping the PLA advance speedily.
But Marin’s report also found that the cost per click for Facebook’s standard ads, which still make up an estimated three-quarters of the social network’s advertising revenues, fell 26 per cent over the past year.
The bad news might be that confidence in China as a driver of global growth continues to build, even as other measures of its impact on global demand, such as basic metals prices, appear to have peaked. The fallout could be severe indeed if the chinese economy (not necessarily its stock market) disappoints those high expectations. b/b
If something cannot go on forever, it will stop. The question is how long that will take with Donald Trump. It is little use speculating about the next four years. Just multiply Mr Trump’s first four weeks and ask how long America’s system can take the strain.
Additional reporting by James Kynge and Mercedes Ruehl
Washington harbours its own fears: that these subsidies will distort the market, dent its own domestic industry, jeopardise the edge it has held in the technology and threaten security.
However, an Anglo American company official said the $4bn was the likely total investment in the project.
In a crisis-free world, some incurable cynic would perhaps have said the board should have at least interviewed other candidates before anointing the insider. Or a patriot might have moaned that two of the three most recent bosses of this British institution were foreigners (outgoing John Varley has just the right accent but his predecessor Matt Barrett was an Irish-Canadian).
Television viewers worldwide saw an average of almost 70 commercials a day last year – 16 per cent more than in 2001 – prompting a warning from Initiative, the international media buyer, that consumers pay less attention to advertising on cluttered airwaves.
The opulent gift capped a ceremony in which mr wen was feted for his enormous contributions to a commercial relationship that flourished during his leadership.
The joint venture represents Sinopec’s second step into unconventional us oil and gas, following its $2.2bn purchase of stakes in five Devon Energy properties last year.
If interest rates remained constant at 5 per cent, the Bank's projections suggest inflation would be no better in the short term, but would return to target early in 2010.
At about 5pm that first day, the full horror of the office-worker’s existence dawned on me. School had done its job of preparing me for the regimented daily tedium. But at least school generally ended mid-afternoon. In the office, long after the January night had fallen, my new colleagues kept bashing away at their computers in a room where the windows didn’t even open. Careers spent seated under fluorescent lights had denatured their bodies and skins. One day, I realised, I would be them. I’m not big on Wordsworth, but I remembered the lines that John Mortimer’s fictional barrister Rumpole was always quoting:
We must ensure that banks continue to lend. We must also ensure that core markets – such as interbank lending, commercial paper and repo markets for high-quality securities – are kept continuously open. There are two related strategies to achieve these imperatives.
The rise yesterday followed a relatively sharp weakening of the renminbi on Tuesday, for the first time nearly hitting the 0.3 per cent daily fluctuation limit against the dollar set last year.
Charles Koch does not need to look at the menu before lunching with the FT. The billionaire has chosen a restaurant he knows well: the in-house canteen at his company headquarters in Wichita, Kansas.
As in some other countries, the massacres have been co-opted by critics of refugee policy. The US in September agreed to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees over the next year, up from 1,500, under pressure from Europe.
Private resources companies will soon be allowed access to Russia’s vast Arctic oil and gasfields and the country’s tax system will be changed to promote growth in the sector, according to the chief executive of Lukoil.
The drug completed its first safety trial in about 100 human volunteers in the UK and is set to begin extensive clinical testing in the US and UK early in June.
Following the YouGov poll, there is a discernible smell of panic in Westminster. conservative party managers have begun asking Tory MPs if they would still have confidence in david cameron if the Yes campaign wins. No less remarkably, the pro-union parties are now pledging to join forces this week to commit to handing more powers to Scotland in the event that the No vote prevails.
Yet the city is changing. What was once a cul-de-sac on the edge of the Eastern Bloc is again a crossroads between east and west, and grumpy old Vienna is learning to be hip and modern too – nowhere more so than in the courtyard of the dazzling Museumsquartier, Vienna's nexus of contemporary art, architecture and strongburbane cool/b/strong. In fine weather, its funky concrete sun loungers seem a long way from melancholy charms. But they're right across the street from the Bellaria.
Huw van Steenis, analyst at Morgan Stanley, said UBS had “topped up the tank” at the cost of a potential 26 per cent dilution to earnings per share. He estimated that UBS could take another SFr6bn of losses while maintaining a Tier 1 ratio above 10 per cent.
Delfin Lorenzana, Philippine secretary of national defence, said Manila wanted to reduce its military dependence on the US but would not become a Chinese client state despite President Rodrigo Duterte’s courting of Beijing.
The likeliest cornerstone investors are sovereign wealth funds. But Chinese insurance companies and some of China's largest banks are said to be looking at both taking stakes and financing others, although it is unclear whether the Chinese banking regulatory commission would approve. China's insurers are not allowed to invest more than 15 per cent of their assets overseas and no more than 10 per cent in one public company, China's industry regulator said yesterday. China's state council will decide which bidders to allow.
An advertising strategy based on a rival's products can be risky. But in the case of GM and Ford, Peter DeLorenzo, a former automotive advertising executive, observed recently on his Autoextremist.com online magazine that “when you have nothing left to lose, why not go for it?”.
The Chinese did not give a reason for their intervention. But the ADB said Beijing was unhappy that its Indian plan proposed lending to projects in the disputed north-eastern region of Arunachal Pradesh. People familiar with the plan said the projects were for flood management, water supply and sanitation. China and India fought a war in 1962 over disputed territory. China declared victory and then pulled back its troops.
However, Martin is wrong to emphasise one-sided saving adjustment by China - or, I would add, other high-saving asian economies such as Japan. Attempts at one-sided adjustment by east asia will be frustrated unless American absorption falls relative to income, ie, net saving increases. This is not a theoretical proposition but comes from the balance of payments identity linking the national income accounts on both sides.
Hu Jintao, president, had mentioned China's willingness to take these steps in a speech late last year.
A pre-election resolution of the EU issue is unlikely as it would risk eroding parties' support. “We have agreed that this issue will not be solved in the interim period,” said Mr Sigfusson.
In the US, half a dozen technology groups — including Snowflake, Unity and Asana — unveiled prospectuses last week. And Airbnb is coming down the track behind them: the accommodation group last month said it had made a confidential filing for an initial public offering. The Hut Group, which is in retail and tech, has revealed plans for the UK’s largest listing in years and Chinese fintech ant group is lining up for a blockbuster flotation that could raise a record $30bn.
"The Berkshire team are without question one of the most authoritative teams in the world in this business, and they have the strongest balance sheet," says Michael Wade, an insurance executive who spearheaded the failed consolidation.
Already this year, four of the five biggest cross-border deals have involved chinese groups bidding for US and European assets worth $61.7bn in total.
The us subprime consumer lending operations will be closed to new business, people familiar with the issue said, although the unit will continue to issue credit cards to existing borrowers with poor or patchy credit history.
2. China power surge Southern Europe
But any expansion will not be unbridled. He says: “We must be selective in our growth and wary of the wrong geography and products. China is profitable but it can be more so.”
Meanwhile, inflation came in slightly higher than anticipated, with the core personal consumption expenditure deflator up 2.7 per cent from the prior quarter at an annualised rate, and up 2.1 per cent year on year.
The narrowing of the investigation to issues red flagged by Brussels marks a turning point in an inquiry that has been running for almost two years.
The launch of its ID range was intended to take advantage of a shakeout of Chinese electric vehicle makers that had left dozens of start-ups facing bankruptcy as the state subsidies they relied on were cut, Mr Wöllenstein added.
Steam-powered manufacturing had linked an entire production line to a single huge steam engine. As a result, factories were stacked on many floors around the central engine, with drive belts all running at the same speed. The flow of work around the factory was governed by the need to put certain machines close to the steam engine, rather than the logic of moving the product from one machine to the next. When electric dynamos were first introduced, the steam engine would be ripped out and the dynamo would replace it. Productivity barely improved.
Some are taking advantage of the sheer volume of new domain names on offer, as new “top-level domains” such as .mobi, .eu and .asia, come into existence alongside the old favourites .com and .net.
Investors are turning hostile to “mega-buy-out” groups as many of their heavily leveraged, multi-billion-dollar takeovers of large companies are hit by the financial and economic crisis, according to research published today.
Indeed, Hernán Kazah, a classmate of Mr Galperín's and co-founder of the company, says the market was crowded and competitive: “When we started, there were another 60 online auction companies in the region. Most went out of business.”
The issue revolves around memory. Back in the early 1950s, Miller, like many psychologists and neuroscientists, was fascinated with the question of how brains retain information. Until that point, many scientists assumed that memory varied according to innate ability. However, Miller believed there was a more fundamental pattern. His research suggested that most people had a limit to how many pieces of data, such as numbers or letters, they could memorise when presented with a list. This usually ranged between five or nine data points but the average was “the magic number seven”.
Although debt problems traditionally originate in the private sector, the public sector cannot be held blameless. Today's unsustainable debt levels have much to do with the repeated use of monetary easing to stimulate consumer demand in successive cycles. The repeated use of fiscal measures to support demand made private debt more supportable, but also increased public debt levels. With respect to both monetary and fiscal policy, tightening in the cyclical upturns never matched the vigour of the easing in the downturns.
A show of unity from southeast asian nations over Beijing’s territorial ambitions in the south china sea has collapsed after the retraction of a statement expressing “serious concerns” over developments in the contested waters.
Let there be no misunderstanding: tapping and wiring embassies is never a friendly act. But as we consider allegations that the US has been bugging the offices of the EU and other western allies, remember that this practice is not confined to the US. It may even take place between nations in Europe.
According to IBM, the computers with which we have surrounded ourselves are now generating 2.5 quintillion bytes of data a day around the world. That's about half a CD's worth of data per person per day. “Big data” is the topic of countless breathless conference presentations and consultants' reports. What, then, might it contribute to economics?
The world’s largest social media network had data partnerships with 60 device makers to help them build tailored apps that showed “Facebook-like experiences”, The new york times reported earlier this week.
It was a sunny Saturday afternoon, and she wore a navy blue suit, having been at work that morning. Her hair hung in a stylish cut just below her shoulders. She had started wearing eye shadow and colouring in her eyebrows with quick, impatient strokes. She carried a yellow imitation Marc Jacobs purse.
On Monday Jiangsu sold Rmb52.2bn with a coupon rate only slightly higher than equivalent sovereign Treasury rates, after the central bank capped the premium local governments could offer.
"There are fewer cases coming through now but the cases are becoming more complex," Mr Eardley says. "We don't come across much competition. We think there are only four entities such as ourselves."
In spite of this fact, or possibly because of it, he is by far the most nimble navigator in the treacherous territory where global finance and Chinese politics meet.
“[We’re] at a juncture where the generic use cases have been addressed,” said Lian Jye Su, principle analyst at the consultancy. “And building generic general purpose chatbots is much easier than specific algorithms for industries like banking, construction, or mining because you need industry knowledge and buy-in from the industry.”
Lord Palmerston's assertion in 1841 that hong kong was “a barren rock with nary a house upon it – it will never be a mart for trade” has been comprehensively proved wrong. But if hong kong is to succeed in the future as it has in the past, it will be because it is qualitatively different from the rest of China, not because it contains a lot more people than it does today.
Anil Ambani, the Indian billionaire and chairman of Reliance ADA, said at the signing ceremony on Thursday in Shanghai that the deal was “the largest order in the history of the power sector . . . and the largest single business relationship between India and China”.
Since hitting a peak of 6.9m first-time applications in late March, the pace of new jobless claims has been steadily declining, but at a relatively slow tempo.
The survey also covered the UK, Germany, Italy, Slovakia and Poland. As the only country where a majority of respondents thought that China represented more of an opportunity than a threat, the UK emerged as one of the countries most in favour of globalisation.
Last week, I bumped into an acquaintance who has a big job at a media company in London and I asked him how he was. The last time I'd seen him - about three months earlier - he'd told me he was in despair as he was having to make a large chunk of his workforce redundant.
While the company said it was too early to define the consequences of the US’s planned stricter export controls for its business, it indicated that Washington’s move would deal a heavy blow. “We will now work hard to figure out how to survive,” said Guo Ping, rotating chairman, at Huawei’s annual analyst conference. “Survival is the keyword for us now.”
This year Verizon, the American telecoms group, embarked on a $1bn experiment: in February it became the first telecoms company in the US to issue a “green” bond, or a security that raises funds for sustainable business.
Separately yesterday, Thomas Schieffer, us ambassador to Japan, said a resumption of six-party talks would not be sufficient to justify ending sanctions against North Korea. “A return to six-party talks bkind of doesn’t do it/b,” Mr Schieffer told reporters, referring to the discussions that collapsed a year ago involving China, Japan, south korea and Russia, as well as north korea and the US.
The US-China trade war and swingeing sanctions on Russian oligarchs have proved a boon for business at the london metal Exchange.
Earlier this month mr abe and mr putin met quietly in Sochi around the edges of the opening extravaganza of the 2014 Winter Olympic Games. It was part of their highwire effort to build more durable Japan-Russian ties. At the end of that meeting, mr putin agreed to visit Japan in the autumn of this year.
First, note an irony about the current criticism of bankers. Bankers down the ages have been criticised, and often vilified, for usury - hoarding scarce supplies of capital and lending it at high interest rates. Islam still prohibits the charging of interest on loans and other religions used to frown on it.
Those listings have been backed by so-called cornerstone investors from the US and elsewhere, which in return for a large allocation agree not to sell their shares within six months following an initial public offering.
The key rate at which banks lend to each other in dollars hit its highest level in two months yesterday, suggesting there could be more turbulence ahead for the financial system.
Standing in a Chinese-style house set in an idyllic landscape, the computer- generated Ms Chung makes an unusual interviewee. The flesh-and-blood person who created and controls this “avatar”, or visual persona, is Ailin Gr?f, a Chinese-born teacher who lives in a quiet suburb of Frankfurt.
I went on Erin Burnett's show on CNBC the other day and recommended Heelys, the company that makes the shoes with wheels. Revenues (and then the stock) plummeted 75 per cent when people realised they could get hurt on those things. Erin tried on a pair and realised that it's pretty hard to skate. That was the first time she had ever tried them on and it took guts to risk her life on national television without practising first. I tried to buy a pair before the show but apparently the only group of people left who still want them are “men above the age of 30”, which includes me. I couldn't find any. But so what?
China’s exports, which have risen in each of the past four months and helped fuel a domestic recovery, have been bolstered by strong sales of electrical devices and medical equipment and leapt 9.9 per cent in September.
Mick Davis, Xstrata chief executive, said that demand for commodities, especially from China and India, was still strong, while rising costs and skills shortages in the mining industry were delaying new projects and constraining supply. This year would be “a very good year”, he added.
Workplace messaging company Slack has announced a similar move, while fellow California-based Twitter and mobile payments company Square are yet to confirm whether they will follow Facebook’s lead — but has the social media platform set a wider precedent for the sector as companies look to cut costs?
Will normal business resume once the snow melts? The worst winter weather in 50 years is clearly exacting a toll, but it also exposes Beijing's flawed energy policy. Power producers are hamstrung by market forces on inputs and by the diktats of a centrally-planned economy on pricing. coal prices have been hitting record highs, as voracious demand globally is exacerbated by supply disruptions in the key markets of Australia and South Africa. Although by far the bulk of chinese demand is met by domestic production, local prices are also climbing – albeit at massively more modest levels. Since some 80 per cent of China's electricity is generated by coal-fired power plants, that immediately eats into margins. Listed independent power producers are using contracted prices for 65-95 per cent of this year's consumption, according to Citigroup, and 2008 prices are on average 10 per cent higher than last year.
South Korea, holder of the world’s fifth-biggest foreign exchange reserves, is considering buying gold to diversify its dollar-heavy portfolio following years of official scepticism about bullion.
But the idea in some quarters that the operation is akin to the quantitative easing programmes pursued by other central banks is wide of the mark. Anyone lured by the talk of QE into expecting the debt restructuring to provide a fillip to growth will be sorely disappointed.
The decision comes several months after China introduced restrictions on air traffic, severely limiting international flights in late March amid fears that a second wave of the coronavirus could be imported from overseas.
The deluge has tested a massive network of tens of thousands of dams and levees built by the chinese government along the Yangtze River and its tributaries to minimise damage from annual floods.
“When will all the haters and fools out there realise that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing,” mr trump tweeted after discussing issues including Syria with mr putin on the margins of the Apec summit in Vietnam.
“It is only by having capital markets that are efficient and function well that we are going to able to get to a market-determined currency,” mr paulson told the Financial Times.
We do not see companies specialising in a single size of trouser  if we did, you would be swamped with pairs that fitted you well. A better explanation may be that companies are engaging in “strategic product differentiation” to avoid competition. For Hotelling's ice-cream vendors, that would mean locating at opposite ends of the beach. For rival bus companies it would mean one service departing on the hour and half hour, the other at quarter to and quarter past.
The White House said mr trump and Mr Moon welcomed the new UN resolution and “committed to fully implement all relevant resolutions and to urge the international community to do so as well”.
The timing of Khodorkovsky’s release remained unclear, while confusion surrounded the legal basis for the pardon. Questions also remain over whether officials are planning new charges against the Russian businessman – who was due to be released next year – though mr putin suggested this was unlikely.
To understand what Prof Nolan means by this, one must understand his view of what has happened during three decades of technology-driven global economic integration. The world economy has been transformed, he argues, by the emergence, through mergers, acquisition and foreign direct investment, of a limited number of dominant businesses, almost entirely rooted in advanced countries.
The french government said it would oppose General Electric’s $13.5bn offer for Alstom’s energy business, saying that it wanted the US conglomerate to suggest a different and more equitable deal.
The recent revelation that Emperor Hirohitostrongb（查自a href="http://www.yecao.net/Html/2005524125612-1.html" target= blankhttp://www.yecao.net/Html/2005524125612-1.html/a）/b/strong ceased his pilgrimages to Yasukuni after 1975 because of his disapproval of the enshrinement of Class A war criminals, however, provides a possible way&#8201 out. After Emperor Hirohito’s views became known, public opposition to shrine pilgrimages by following prime ministers increased and the option of “bde-enshrining/b” the war criminals has garnered more support.
No one wants captains of industry to perish, but the sense that they should go down with the ship persists. Christopher Ward, author of another recent Titanic book, And the Band Played On, wrote in The Spectator magazine that the audience at a Scottish literary festival cheered when he invited comparisons between Ismay and Sir Fred Goodwin, who piloted royal bank of Scotland towards disaster yet escaped with most of his pension. Lehman Brothers went down with Richard Fuld, but the estimated $480m he was paid while in charge continues to rankle. Having scuttled the News of the World, Rupert and James Murdoch of news corp face heavy public criticism of their handling of the phone-hacking scandal.
“We don’t see this as a working museum, as some have suggested,” says Ros Kerslake, chief executive of the Prince’s Regeneration Trust. “It’s about keeping a successful ceramics business going in its traditional home.”
Russia’s national death toll from coronavirus could be 70 per cent higher than the government’s official data show, as the Kremlin struggles to curb the spread of Covid-19 despite a seven-week long lockdown.
To be sure, Beijing's move to allow individuals to buy unlimited equities offshore carries caveats. All purchases must be made via the northern city of Tianjin and buyers will be restricted to hong kong stocks. But these limitations should prove temporary if the pilot scheme goes smoothly. Indeed, some analysts reckon non-Tianjin residents will be able to participate from the off.
A bail hearing for Ms Meng, who was arrested in Vancouver on Saturday, has been set for Friday, Canadian officials said. No more details could be provided after a publication ban was sought by Ms Meng, who is the daughter of Huawei's founder Ren Zhengfei.
Global offices markets have all suffered an unprecedented fall in demand, according to Cushman & Wakefield, the real estate adviser.
China Mobile announced on Thursday that Xi Guohua, 60, vice-minister of industry and information technology, would take over from Wang Jianzhou, 63, as communist party chief of the company. Mr Wang, an industry veteran, will remain chairman, but his power will be limited by his loss of the party role.
Pawnshop chains and payday lenders, some of the most contentious companies on Wall Street, have experienced a big lift during the longest government shutdown in US history.
The country's airline industry has been buffeted by falling passenger numbers and huge hedging losses caused by plummeting oil prices, with China Eastern the worst performer of the major carriers.
Data suggest that the coronavirus outbreak, which has infected more than 80,000 people in China, is being brought under control. However, months of restrictions on travel, work and daily life are putting enormous pressure on families at the margins of Chinese society.
New Delhi police have arrested a veteran Indian journalist on suspicion of spying for China, as the two countries are locked in a military stand-off over their disputed Himalayan border.
Wearing a baseball cap emblazoned with the company logo and that of the Kuomintang (KMT) — the China-friendly main opposition party on whose ticket he wants to run — Mr Gou sat in the front row at a regional security conference to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act, the us law that obliges Washington to help the country defend itself against China.
If you are a serious multiplayer games enthusiast, for example, it makes sense to buy a desktop PC that can be upgraded with a new graphics card or faster Ram modules, rather than a laptop that is difficult to upgrade. Similarly, in the fast-changing mobile broadband market, rather than buy a laptop with a built-in cellular data modem, it may be better to buy a standard laptop and a plug-in data card that can be swapped out when a new technology is available.
Dear Economist,brI am 17 years old and my school only recently became coeducational. The other sixth-form students are almost all male, like me. I feel that the school does not meet my romantic needs and that I will never know true love while at school. In fact, I'm not having much luck at finding any love at all. Please can you help, or even just offer some hope?brYours, truly lovelorn,brStudent K, Bedford
Bullog is one of many new groups trying to help such people. A website called the Patriots Alliance has been raising funds this week to send medicine and other vital materials to the quake zone. “We are much more efficient than many government institutions,” said Lu Yunfei, director of an IT company in Beijing, who edits the website in his spare time.
China's inadequate governance is everybody's business. Hundreds of people and animals have died  thousands more have been poisoned or made sick by tainted Chinese products. Nations have not responded effectively. Guatemala, Panama, France and the US have beefed up their inspection of chinese products and halted imports of goods such as tyres, toothpaste, shrimp and toys. Such solutions are politically expedient, but they will not move China towards a culture of compliance.
The zone, which requires foreign aircraft flying over it to declare themselves, is not a territorial claim per se, but clearly intended to buttress China’s claim to the Senkaku islands, known as Diaoyu in Chinese.
Not to freak anyone out, but two of Milan's most avant-garde and hence influential designers, Miuccia Prada and Marni's Consuelo Castiglioni, made a bold wardrobe suggestion, transferring the ubiquitous women's trend of late – the legging – on to their men's runway. At Calvin Klein, a practical minimalism label par excellence, designer Italo Zucchelli showed four pairs of leggings replete with the Calvin logo as a waist band and proper pockets.
Joanna Seddon, chief executive of Millward Brown Optimor, the research group which compiled the BrandZ list of the top 100 global brands, points to the volatile fortunes of teams such as the Knicks, the New York-based basketball team.
The coalition government in Harare is discussing a credit line of almost $1bn with China, after Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwe's prime minister, secured less funding than had been hoped during a three-week trip to Europe and the US.
Perhaps the us economy will enjoy a soft landing: jobs growth would slow towards long run sustainable levels, and productivity growth would accelerate enough to allow continued gross domestic product growth of 2 per cent and increased wage growth without accelerating inflation. But this would require both policy skill and great luck. Given that we are starting from very high debt levels and low unemployment, a recession is the more likely outcome.
Lehman Brothers lobbied the us federal reserve this summer to be given access to much-needed liquidity, but was unable to convince the regulators, just two months before the Fed endorsed similar proposals from Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, the financial times has learned.
The period for which publications are assessed is January 2004 until June 2007. For each publication, a point (or a fraction, if there is more than one author) is awarded to the school where the author is currently employed. The final rank combines the absolute number of publications with the number of publications adjusted for faculty size.
A global economic slowdown is under way: problems in us housing continue, the US and European financial systems remain under stress and growth in the rest of the world is beginning to be dragged down. Of course, from the international monetary Fund's perspective, medium-term considerations are of critical importance. nonetheless, this does not preclude potentially effective counter-cyclical policies.
mr lee says the new approach will make all high- school graduates fluent English speakers. south koreans learn English for more than 10 years at school, yet many still have a hard time communicating with foreigners. That is partly because Korean and English are so different in terms of pronunciation and syntax, linguists note, but the more important factor is that English education at public schools is heavily focused on grammar and reading comprehension with a lack of exposure to spoken English. south korea ranked lowest among 12 countries in east asia for communication in English in a 2003 report by the Hong Kong-based Political and Economic Risk Consultancy. There has not been much improvement since.
The prized heritage of “Big Blue” proved a big burden for Lenovo when the PC industry began to undergo radical changes.
The insurgent leftist Syriza party was heading to a momentous election victory in Greece on Sunday night, throwing down a challenge to european governments determined to resist its demands for extensive debt relief and an end to austerity.
Yet 90 per cent of the clients I engage with are spellbound by the us recession risk and the endless saga of the “next shoe to drop” in the credit crisis.
Stocks are expensive. Bonds are expensive. What is an investor to do? Unfortunately, the only answer appears to be to invest in new and unfamiliar assets, taking new and unfamiliar risks.
This is changing. The notion of mixed space is gaining ground as building entrances merge into coffee rooms or sitting areas where informal meetings can take place. Wireless technology and mobile devices have helped, freeing computers from their workstations.
She has friends who persist with old-fashioned student houses but prefers the conveniences she has. As with so many contemporary students, it is a morbid terror of sharing bathing facilities that most puts her off shared accommodation: “I don't do sharing bathrooms. I'm a bit of a clean freak.”
Widening spreads between german government bonds and those of Italy, Greece and other european countries are a “wake-up call” for the eurozone, Jean-Claude Trichet, the president of the european central Bank, warned yesterday.
In 2007, as the Indian stock market entered the fifth year of a bull run that had multiplied the value of the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark Sensitive Index fourfold, a strange competition began to emerge.
The newly allocated funds for the People's liberation army will be about 7.5 per cent of the nation's total budgeted spending for the year, according to Mr Jiang. The real spending figure is believed to be much higher, however, since the official number probably does not include large procurements and other costs.
UBS has told members of its former private banking team responsible for rich US clients not to travel to America.
Being wrong is just one problem I have with Clarke’s book. Like most future-gazing, it sees tomorrow entirely in terms of technology.
But how ready is Washington to acknowledge China's equally legitimate interest in the conduct of American economic policy? One can hardly assert the first and deny the second. The US contribution to global economic imbalances is at least as great. No doubt, China is paranoiacally sensitive to perceived infringements of sovereignty or affronts to its dignity. The odd thing is that America's politicians should find this attitude so hard to understand: their sentiments on the matter are the same.
“But I also realised that there were holes in my knowledge base and if I was going to continue further, I'd do well to try to fill those holes.”
Mr Gaurav added that pharmaceutical companies typically kept between three and six months of inventory — but that is not enough lead time to get another plant certified. Drugmakers are pushing the regulators for expedited approval processes, he said. The FDA did not respond to a request for comment.
Ganfeng Lithium, one of China’s fastest growing companies, is expanding into battery production as it seeks to prepare for the expected rapid growth in the country’s electric car market.
Anglo American and Shaanxi first formed the joint venture in 2004. Anglo American said the plan was to build a “clean coal to chemicals” project.
The effects of the rare warning from Apple, which sent shares in the us tech giant tumbling 8 per cent overnight on Wednesday, rippled through Asia-based suppliers yesterday.
Will Greece have to leave the euro? Ultimately, it will be Germany’s call. Will politicians support further bailouts for southern Europe? The vital debates will take place in the Bundestag in Berlin – not in the European parliament. Who does the international monetary fund call about the euro crisis? The most important conversations take place with the german government and the european central bank in Frankfurt – not the European Commission.
The word “palate” strikes me as slightly ominous, as if the Hollywood star likes to take bites out of his interviewers, but I wait while Gere continues to prowl around in the hallway. I look down at my notes. Extraordinary beauty, I’ve written. Suave opacity. Epitome of Hollywood? Dalai Lama. Giorgio Armani. Cindy Crawford. Mad advertisement in The Times. Ageing. Bob Dylan. Gerbil.
In the short term the behaviour of credit markets will be critical. Despite the decline in bond yields and borrowing costs since the markets took fright, financial conditions have tightened for weaker corporate borrowers. Their access to bond markets has become more difficult. After Tuesday’s 50 basis-point cut, the us federal Reserve’s policy rate of 1.0-1.5 per cent is still higher than the 0.8 per cent yield on the policy-sensitive two-year Treasury note. This inversion of the yield curve could intensify the squeeze, says Charles Dumas, chief economist of TS Lombard, if us banks now tighten credit while lending has become less profitable.
american express has been running courses for the next generation since 2001. Like many private banks, the group gears its programme towards fairly broad subjects such as analysis of the different asset classes, trusts and estate planning, investment philosophies and the global economy.
warren buffett has earned his investors’ trust in decades spent building the cowboy boot to cargo train conglomerate he controls, Berkshire Hathaway. In his annual letter to shareholders this weekend he asked for it once again.
First, most hardware will become commoditised. The economics of the tech industry mean that an initial advantage in production cost is amplified as greater size translates into more cash for research and development. So the hardware industry will likely evolve into a few large suppliers focusing on specific components. Second, competition will increasingly centre around the design of chips made by third parties such as Taiwan's TSMC, or on software that powers gadgets.
The bank also pointed out that chinese companies listed in hong kong or the mainland “typically receive strong investor interest at higher valuations, and better initial price performance”.
Last week, Enrique de la Madrid, Mexico’s secretary of tourism, visited new york with a sales pitch. It was not to proclaim the joys of Mexico’s beaches or culture  instead, de la Madrid is part of a cohort of Mexican ministers who are being quietly dispatched this summer to America on a mission to persuade voters to feel grateful for their trade partnership.
“I am here to tell you about our great progress in making America great again,” he told about 9,000 supporters gathered in an aircraft hangar with presidential plane air force One as a theatrical backdrop. “I want to speak to you without the filter of the fake news.”
Tourist spending on the British high street returned to growth last year despite volatility in China, a weak renminbi and political unrest in Nigeria and Russia.
The company now reports the highest margins of any aluminium producer in the world. But with that status — and major shifts in the market for the lightweight metal — has come fresh global scrutiny. A flood of aluminium pouring out of China and depressing world markets has focused attention on Zhongwang and other Chinese metals processors, whose success threatens to spur new trade tensions with the US.
Certainly the direct impact of the renminbi fall on US and European inflation and economic activity — even if it extends to 10 per cent — is too small to justify the large falls in bond yields and inflation gauges. The renminbi’s weight in the trade-weighted dollar and euro is about 20 per cent and, as a rule of thumb, a 10 per cent rise in the trade-weighted dollar and euro takes about 0.5-0.6 per cent off inflation and real gdp growth over 18 months. So even if the renminbi is devalued by 10 per cent, the effect would be to cut US and European inflation and growth by only
After two years out in the cold, chinese companies are once again heading stateside.
After years of neglect Beijing has made expanding and upgrading the network a top priority in recent years but has admitted it faces a shortfall in funding and said it wants private and foreign investors to enter the sector to take up the slack.
It was October 2013 and Jack Ma, founder and chairman of Alibaba, China’s largest ecommerce company, was in the mood to kill some penguins.
As steel mills roar back to life after Chinese New Year, which fell in February, all eyes are on China to try to decipher the strength of demand in the world’s largest market for commodities.
At an event in the mountain town of Yesanpo, a popular weekend getaway in Hebei province, west of Beijing, CNTA deputy director Li Shihong said his agency would spend Rmb12.5bn ($1.9bn) this year on toilet construction, according to the official China News Service, while “tens of billions” more will be needed to complete the revolution, mr li added.
Rudy Giuliani, the former new york mayor who is leading Donald Trump’s legal challenges contesting his loss in last month’s elections, has contracted Covid-19.
Is China a currency manipulator? Yes. China has intervened on a gigantic scale to keep its exchange rate down. Between January 2000 and the end of last year, China's foreign currency reserves rose by $2,240bn  after July 2008, when the renminbi's gradual appreciation against the dollar – begun three years earlier – halted, reserves rose by $600bn (see chart)  and reserves are now close to 50 per cent of gross domestic product. Finally, a massive effort has been aimed at curbing the inflationary effects of intervention.
Interest in socially responsible investing is increasingly supported by good returns on investments. "Socially responsible investing is not only a nice thing to do but also a profitable thing to do", he says.
She was not the most successful Conservative prime minister of the 20th century – for the simple reason that this daughter of a shopkeeper was not really a Tory. More a radical really – even perhaps a Maoist. A disdain for ideology had once seen the Conservatives labelled the stupid party. Mrs Thatcher was nothing if not an ideologue. Nostalgic as she was for an earlier age of British greatness, she was no respecter of tradition or established institutions. Many post-Thatcherite Conservative MPs show the same restless disregard for their party’s communitarian tradition. David Cameron’s Big Society has flopped. It may yet turn out that one of her legacies will be the destruction of Burkean Toryism.
This is not the first time Europeans have been confronted with Mr Trump’s disdain for an international order that used to underwrite US global leadership. America First has seen him quit the paris climate change accord, jettison the idea of a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict, tear up trade agreements and question the Nato alliance. Then there are the twitter fusillades accusing Europe of being soft on terrorists or tolerating imaginary no-go areas of Muslim migrants. The allies for the most part have kept their counsel.
For years the gap in quality has been wide. chinese consumers received the worst that “made in China” had to offer  all the good stuff ended up at Walmart.
“As a result, the PBoC took a pre-emptive action to slow the pace of renminbi appreciation” to avoid damaging China’s economic recovery from coronavirus, Mr Cheung said. However, he believes that the currency will still continue to inch higher.
Ms Lofton, then 90, was sent a bill for $423.30: an insurance premium on credit secured against the equity in her home in Lakeland, Florida. She sent back a cheque for $423. OneWest asked for the 30 cents. She wrote another cheque, mistakenly making it out for 3 cents. Then the bank served a foreclosure notice.
But then take a state such as Arizona, which does not observe Daylight Saving Time. In summer it is in the Mountain time zone  in winter it is in the Pacific time zone but with the evening shows still at Mountain timings. That sort of quirky set up - there are others - allows Hamermesh and his colleagues to show the impact of the television schedules on people’s daily routines.
When Chongqing police in 2010 raided the Diamond Dynasty to break up an alleged prostitution ring, it made international headlines as the nightclub was located inside the city’s Hilton hotel.
IBM's answer to the challenge of overhauling its slow-growing services business was the $1.3bn acquisition last month of Internet Security Systems, which guards corporate and government IT networks.
“For every Rmb1 of central and local government spending, Beijing is hoping for an additional Rmb1 from others and it is the banks that will be expected to provide that financing.”
Mr Yudhoyono used his annual budget speech ahead of today’s Independence day holiday to promise a 16 per cent rise in central government spending in 2007, with Indonesia’s 4m civil servants and the poor the main beneficiaries.
Other positive factors include a cut in corporate tax from 33 per cent to  25 per cent, and the trend of industrial consolidation, which may continue to unlock company value.
Foreign private equity funds are this week expected to submit bids for Axa's minority stake in Taikang Life, China's fourth-largest insurer, which has been valued at up to $1bn.
When Justin Yifu Lin packed up and moved from Beijing to washington dc in 2008 to become chief economist of the World Bank, he had three requirements for a place to live. “I wanted to go to the office in 15 minutes. I wanted a quiet place where I could enjoy the nature. And it had to be affordable,” says Lin, 59, who was the first economist from an emerging market picked for the post.
China made its announcement in Berlin at a closed-door IDA conference where the World Bank hopes donors will today agree to increase the overall size of the fund from $32.5bn (&#8364 22.3bn, &pound 15.9bn) to between $35bn and $40bn in the funding round finalised three years ago. Beijing is expected at first to make only a small contribution, possibly of a few hundred million dollars.
A small number of proTibet protesters braved showers for the torch's march through Hong Kong, in stark contrast to the heated scenes that accompanied it through its legs in Europe and the US.
The Obama administration, which has presented the ruling as a test of China’s willingness to abide by international law, said the verdict was a “new opportunity” to resolve disputes in the south china Sea.
The remarks offer confirmation that Beijing is taking concrete steps to follow up on a statement made last Friday that mr chen could apply to study abroad like any other citizen. mr chen said the central government had sent Guo Shucong, a senior official from the state bureau for letters and calls, the office dealing with petitions, to help him with the formalities.
Technical analysts say a price of $5,800 represents a crucial support level and a failure to hold above that could result in a retreat to $4,500, effectively signalling an end to copper's five-year rally.
Industrial Bank of China, a medium-sized lender, is the first Chinese institution to have committed itself to international sustainability standards such as the Equator Principles for project finance.
When policymakers gather in Washington for next month’s meetings of the international monetary fund and World Bank, one topic will dominate discussions: how to respond to the anger of those who feel they have been left behind by globalisation.
For a fleeting moment after the 2008 financial crisis, received wisdom held that the damage wrought by anything-goes financial capitalism presaged a reshaping of the market economy. The bankers would be reined in and the playing field remade to distribute more fairly the gains from technological innovation and globalisation. These good intentions dissolved when central banks set the printing presses running in defence of the status quo.
The property market is a linchpin of China’s economy. A slowdown in sales and falling prices in some large cities have sparked concerns of a deeper downturn if economic growth continues to stutter. Demand for homes, despite recent monetary policy easing, has been muted, according to research from UBS.
He said much of this arises “because changes in the patterns of production are likely to threaten the livelihoods of some workers and the profits of some firms, even when these changes lead to greater productivity and output overall.”
The european central bank has offered to help the EU redesign its financial transactions tax to avoid any “negative impact” on market stability, highlighting official fears about the implementation of the levy.
Chinese censors and internet regulators have been discussing how to ensure the wider use of real names online. Some officials want all bloggers to be required to tell blog hosts their real names and ID card numbers.
One of the main drivers of the rally has been a faster and larger-than-expected addition of Chinese stocks to MSCI indices. This week the US index provider added more than 200 China mainland A-shares to the emerging market index, pushing China’s country weight to more than a third of the total.
Of course I use a lot of SIA things and my guests are always very curious of the table decoration. I use real flowers in combination with SIA flowers and in SIA we have so many great things to decorate tables with so I love to host dinners. In my apartment I also have artificial trees. I am away so much - half a year - so it's not so easy to have a lot of plants. I cannot live without real flowers. In an apartment such as ours it's so empty and uninteresting without any green plants.
It will come as a relief in Scunthorpe, the Lincolnshire town and home to British Steel’s main plant, where thousands of workers and their families have waited nervously since the company collapsed into liquidation in May.
The US is now adapting to a growth rate that is much lower and more volatile than it is accustomed to.
Jordan and Japan must prepare a prisoner for exchange by sunset today, according to a new recording apparently of the Japanese hostage Kenji Goto released online.
Russian explorers are preparing to plunge below the North Pole to plant a flag on the seabed of the Arctic Ocean, laying symbolic claim to a large swathe of territory believed to be rich in oil and minerals.
Qinghai Provincial investment group unexpectedly missed payments on bonds sold both within and outside China, marking the first offshore default by a state-owned enterprise in more than 20 years.
A memorandum of understanding between 58.com and Ganji.com, which both function much like US site Craigslist, was signed in Beijing on March 14, people familiar with the matter said. The two groups are expected to announce as soon as today that they are planning to combine to create what will become one of the largest specialised online classified companies in China’s booming mobile internet space. The combined group could be valued at as much as $10bn, one person involved in the transaction said.
Critics argue that testing is insufficient without controls in place throughout the supply chain, from farms to suppliers to processors.
He forecast that Russia would fail to converge towards US income levels, not helped by its “appalling demographics”, while Brazil and south africa would probably only enjoy limited convergence, although he was more optimistic about the Gulf.
A visitor who recently dropped in on Karim Massimov found Kazakhstan's prime minister with his feet on his desk reading a book about Chinese philosophy.
At a meeting of the prime minister’s group of high-level business advisers at Downing Street on Thursday morning, where the atmosphere was described as that of “people in mourning”, mr cameron said that business should start saying what it wanted “in the house, because we are moving house”.
Before she became the country’s most successful tennis player by reaching Saturday’s final of the Australian Open, Li Na was almost as well-known in China for her tattoo.
According to one person close to the IPO, the company could decide to increase either the offer size or its share price at a meeting set for this morning.
Indian army officials said that the deadliest assault on an Indian military installation in more than 15 years appeared to be the work of a Pakistan-based terrorist group, Jaish-e-Mohammad.
“We are still in a state of over-competition,” Mr Shih said. The number of banks has only marginally come down from its peak of 53 in 2001 to 43. In addition there are branches of foreign banks, credit co-operatives and credit departments of farmers' and fishermen's associations.
To add to the competitiveness problem, governments have allowed relatively high energy costs to accumulate. In the coalition government, I worked with Conservative ministers to obtain state aid approval for compensation payments to energy-intensive industries. The process was time-consuming, but we secured agreement and payments are now being made.
Coke’s possible reunion with CCE, which went public in 1986, mirrors the steps PepsiCo took last year to snap up its largest bottlers. And like PepsiCo’s deals with Pepsi Bottling Group and Pepsi Americas, the CCE acquisition would grant Coke greater flexibility and control in how it distributes sodas and non-carbonated beverages to different retail customers.
When Henry Ford introduced the Model T in 1908, the automobile had already been around for two decades. The revolution he engineered was not the car, but the system that made it.
“The literature has pushed them as a silver bullet  more recently there's been a bit more sobriety in the debate,'' warns Andrew Farlow, an expert in the economics of vaccines at Oxford University. “How much genuine risk-taking can it pull along?''
Despite a favourable outlook for the stones, BHP in November also said it was reviewing the future of its Ekati diamond mine in Canada.
The two-pronged action is aimed at reconciling BofA's need to offset write-downs on its bloodied balance sheet while still preserving cordial relations with CCB by not selling too many shares.
Jacket by Toni Sailer
The main combatants, the US and China, continued to exchange rhetorical salvos. Washington (and Brussels) identified undervalued currencies such as the renminbi as a prime cause of global macroeconomic imbalances. Beijing retorted that such aggression risked bringing mutual destruction upon the great economic powers.
Still, markets were delighted. Portugal and Ireland solemnly pledged to repay debts, and in return their own cans were hoofed into the distance. Italy and Spain should be helped by the bail-out fund’s new power to buy their debt, part of the plan that does not confuse liquidity and solvency.
joe biden said it was an “embarrassment” that donald trump had not conceded defeat after losing last Tuesday’s election, although the president-elect insisted the refusal to acknowledge his victory would not hold up his transition plans.
The original programme advertised an impressive array of top Obama appointees: Larry Summers, Tim Geithner, Jim Jones – the new head of the NSC and General David Petraeus (who was meant to be in the session I'm moderating on Nato).
Huawei shocked us government officials and outside observers earlier this week when it refused to unwind a $2m acquisition of patents from 3 Leaf, a US firm, after a refusal to clear the deal by the Committee on Foreign Investment, the US body that screens foreign acquisitions for potential risks to national security.
Cheapflights was launched in 1996 by John Hatt, then travel editor of Harpers & Queen, the fashion magazine. With a career spent mainly in travel journalism, Mr Hatt’s knowledge of the industry proved useful, even if he was not a natural entrepreneur.
The seizure of a Japanese cargo ship by a chinese court over compensation claims relating to the second world war could potentially expose japanese companies to hundreds of millions of dollars in liability, although the lapse of time and the deaths of elderly plaintiffs would make pursuing such cases difficult.
The Bureau of Economic Analysis kept its growth estimate at an annualised 1.8 per cent, dashing hopes that it would be revised upwards, and said that consumption growth was weaker than it previously thought.
There’s one born every minute – or that, at least, is what Nestlé’s latest acquisition implies. The Swiss food group is paying a hefty $12bn for Pfizer’s infant nutrition business. At first that looks a rich price for the US pharmaceutical group’s Pfizer Nutrition unit, which makes milk formula. But then, 85 per cent of its sales are to emerging markets. And Nestlé knows that the latter account for almost three-quarters of the $30bn global baby food market, which is growing at about 10 per cent a year. China is expected to account for almost half that growth. Asia does make the dealcompelling. Even so, it is hard to escape the impression that Pfizer has somehow injected some Viagra into the deal.
The walk-in closet， as large as many a Japanese hotel bedroom， was fitted with a movie star's vanity mirror and – a must in twinkle-fingered Tokyo – a nail polish drier fixed to the wall. Would a double room without nail drier， I wondered， have cost me any less than the roughly &pound 290 with breakfast my wife and I were paying for this deluxe room?
In his latest research for the Finance Watch advocacy body, Thierry Philipponnat — a board member at the French financial regulator, and one of the EU’s technical experts on sustainable finance — has recommended increasing the risk weightings banks must apply to their oil, gas and coal exposures.
The weeklong exercise that starts today was planned long before the latest tensions but its scale – 40,000 personnel involved in the simulated defence of an island – reflects concern about China’s rapid emergence as a military power.
Step 12 would be “a vicious circle of losses, capital reduction, credit contraction, forced liquidation and brfire sales of assets at below fundamental prices”.
It has been a long time coming, but Rémy Cointreau shareholders have finally found something to toast — shares of the Paris-based spirits maker jumped almost 9 per cent yesterday before trimming gains, marking the biggest intraday rise in six years.
Police in China have stepped up a crackdown on peer-to-peer lenders, freezing Rmb10bn ($1.5bn) across 380 companies and dispatching teams across Asia in pursuit of financial fugitives.
However, a group of nobel peace laureates, including Archbishop Desmond Tutu, this week signed a letter to Hu Jintao, Chinese president, calling on him to uphold Olympic ideals by pushing Khartoum to end atrocities in Darfur.
Your plan to thank him in a graceful speech is also a disaster. As he seems to resent your success he will not appreciate being fingered in public for his minor, domestic role in bringing it about.
about $250m, the reinsurer forecast yesterday.
hillary clinton may not officially have made up her mind whether to run for the US presidency in 2016. Everyone else has concluded she will.
Huawei, the privately held chinese telecoms group, boosted its research and development spending by almost one-third in 2014 as China’s 4G revolution marched on.
That means there is still a stand-off between developers, who want to wait as long as they can before cutting prices, and the central government which wants to see cheaper housing costs. Any signs in the coming weeks that sales are picking up will be treated as evidence that the government is relaxing policy for the housing market - which it is under heavy pressure from other quarters as industrial production slows in other areas.
Google has made its first step towards taking its online advertising model into television, launching a broad-ranging alliance with British Sky Broadcasting which the search group said could be its most lucrative deal.
One evening more than 20 years ago, I got up from my desk in a City of London office building, balanced a batch of documents under my arm and trudged over to the photocopier.
The Temasek executives do not rule out adding further bank holdings in Asia as opportunities arise.
Linguistic contortion is emide rigueur /i/emfor any central banker. federal reserve supremo Ben Bernanke, however, took it to the next level with his speech to the Chinese Academy of social sciences on Friday.
In an interview with the Financial Times, Chuck Robbins, chief executive, said the company had started planning for the higher tariffs last summer, when the White House put a 10 per cent levy on many of its products, with a threat to increase the rate to 25 per cent later.
On security, Kazakhstan in particular has been an important partner on nuclear non-proliferation issues, after giving up its nuclear arsenal in the early 1990s. After 9/11, Uzbekistan emerged as a critical ally, with its military bases essential to the success of the initial operation in Afghanistan. However, US-Uzbek relations nearly came to a halt following events in Andizhan in 2005 in which hundreds of Uzbeks died when law enforcers crushed an armed uprising blamed on Islamist rebels.
Compare the US with France, Germany and Japan. Average incomes in the US are 11 per cent higher than in Japan, and 16 per cent higher than in the other two, according to the international monetary Fund. So the US, and its government, will have more resources to direct at the problem of its ageing population.
Manufacturing fetishism is back. It is easy to understand why. People have made large amounts of money for themselves – and occasionally have claimed to be creating large amounts of wealth for society – by exchanging bits of paper. But since the financial crisis of 2007-08, the public views this process with increased scepticism. The claim that real wealth can only be achieved by making things falls today on receptive ears. You can’t have an economy of hairdressers, the saying goes.
mutual fund redemptions in the second quarter do not suggest that investors are giving up on the market, says Fraser Howie, a shanghai market watcher and author of iPrivatising China: Inside China's Stock Markets.
The world health organisation suggests that “one in four people in the world will be affected by mental or neurological disorders at some point in their lives”. Last year, it produced a report on mental health that found “the vast majority of people with mental health conditions would like to be employed but stigma, discrimination, and lack of professional experience prevent them from doing so”.
Miss Tsai, who has pursued a firmer line with Beijing than the China-friendly KMT since taking office in 2016, immediately resigned as head of the party, despite the result coming amid widespread allegations of  Chinese interference in the polls.
“You have to make hay whilst the sun shines,” the British financier breezily declared of a $3bn deal with Indonesia’s Bakrie family to create a miner called Bumi. He believed it would become a world-leading listed coal producer.
The local companies have been able to tap latent nationalistic sentiment among Chinese consumers, many of whom are keen to see strong local companies.
Why does this happen? Some people just cannot keep secrets: they get a kick from revealing something hush-hush &ndash  even if it damages the business they serve. Certain directors are congenital gossips, and too immature to serve on the boards of serious organisations. In my experience, you generally know the leaker, but proving it can be nearly impossible. Others have an agenda: they gain favours from journalists or get paid for passing on a tip-off, or perhaps they win some office skirmish thanks to their revelations. And of course companies leak as deliberate policy, pre-empting formal announcements as a matter of course.
A graph of cash held over time would look like a sawtooth, regularly leaping up and sloping down. Now that we have ATMs it is easier to get cash, we do so more often, hold cash balances closer to the optimum, and the saw is finely grained.
Jos&eacute  Mar&iacute a Sumpsi, the FAO’s assistant director&not general, said that some developing countries now favoured a return to agricultural self-sufficiency. “This is a problem,” he said. “Self-sufficiency and protectionism go together.”
Instead, Cathay declared late on Monday evening that the proposed counter-offer for the Shanghai-based carrier by itself and Air China's parent, China National Aviation Holding, “will not now proceed”.
According to CRU Analysis, the metals consultancy, China produced 1.5m tonnes of aluminium in 1996, compared to 3.6m tonnes for the US – then world number one. For this year, China is expected to produce 9.3m tonnes of aluminium, while the US, which has slipped to fourth place, will produce only 2.3m tonnes.
But in recent months enthusiasm has waned. dim sum bond prices have declined substantially since September, when investors started to question the widely held belief that the renminbi would only appreciate against the US dollar.
The incident stems from the collapse of Hebei Financing Investment Guarantee Group, one of China’s largest state-backed guarantors. Global Wealth and other financial institutions sold investment products backed by loans guaranteed by Hebei Financing.
Shuanghui International said the agreed deal with Virginia-based Smithfield, the world’s largest hog producer, would bolster its ability to feed China’s growing middle class while also addressing persistent concerns about food safety in the most populous country.
The us congress should agree to higher taxes on the wealthy to avoid the fiscal cliff, a top Republican economist has conceded in a sign of the rapidly shifting political climate in Washington before negotiations to avert the looming budget crisis.
On Friday the authorities shut the website of Yanhuang Chunqiu, a magazine run by liberal senior members of the ruling Communist party, a day after the magazine published its latest call for political reform. Hours later, 35 journalists formerly affiliated with Southern Weekend, known for its daring investigative reporting, called for the resignation of the party’s chief propaganda official in guangdong province over what they called “excessive” censorship.
But silver has comfortably outperformed gold, with prices rising 29.2 per cent this year to a high of $14.60 a troy ounce on Monday, while gold's peak at $1,005.40 was a gain of 14.5 per cent.
The danger for blue chip recruiters, most of which have sophisticated diversity programmes, is that their graduate ranks, in terms of degree status and academic complexion, are beginning tob /blook anything but diverse. Russell Group Universities and 2:1 degrees tend to predominate.
private consumption comprises only 37 per cent of gross domestic product in China, compared with 71 per cent in the US before the world financial crisis, according to McKinsey Global Institute. But with Ms Lin’s help, Mercedes more than doubled car sales in China in the first quarter, compared with a year ago.
Just as the world's attention was diverted by sell-offs elsewhere, the shanghai composite index is back with a record. China's largest domestic stock exchange set a new high yesterday, for the first time since authorities announced a new stamp duty on share transactions two months ago.
But if a hong kong IPO had resulted in a one-day price rise of that magnitude, it would have been truly remarkable. Opening-day pops among hong kong listings are so rare that the 0.32 per cent price rise enjoyed by china huarong asset management on its IPO put it into the city’s top 10 debuts for the year.
Furthermore, in the heat of the moment, it is easy to overlook the improvements mr prince set in train to derive greater benefits from Citigroup's scale and collection of assets – even if some of these, such as the cost-cutting programme, could have started earlier. But investors are certainly owed a compelling argument for why Citi can achieve far more than it has done.
iMG src="/ftimages/000006211/1.jpg" border=0
“With today’s ruling, Micron’s products now face injunction for violating UMC’s patent rights in a court verdict that applies to all of mainland China,” UMC said on Tuesday.
In January the financial times partnered with international charity Sightsavers to launch a business plan challenge to MBA students.
The death toll from Monday's earthquake in China could reach as high as 50,000 people, the state council said last night, as rescue workers still struggled to reach some of the worst affected areas.
The 50th anniversary of Mao Zedong’s Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution, which unleashed a decade of chaos and violence across the country, comes at an awkward time for president xi Jinping. It invites unflattering comparisons of his own “strongman” image and constrains — at least temporarily — his administration’s instinct to crush all dissent.
When it comes to preparing for a negotiation, says Ms Kray, it would pay to make employees aware of the sexual bstereotype/bs that dominate their thinking – and, rather than fight them, to accentuate their positive aspects. "It&apos s about showing people what their beliefs are and how it affects their performance," she says.
Everyone hates you, Miss” said the 11-year-old boy I had been teaching for a few weeks. “We’re so happy you’re going. We want Mr Diplos back.”
“We are watching developments within the eurozone closely,” said Steingrimur Sigfusson, minister of finance, in an interview. “What will happen to the euro? We will take that into the picture.”
The state-endorsed fund will be led by private institutions in UK and China and employ the former uk prime minister in a leadership role that has yet to be defined.
The US healthcare system is inequitable and inefficient: the need for reform is plain. Even so one must wonder at both the timing and the method of financing. Mr Obama's plan to raise taxes on households earning more than $250,000 comes on top of the reversal of the Bush tax cuts after 2010. The savings of these households have already been destroyed by plunging share and house prices. Yet another income tax increase, with intimations of more to come – since the down payment covers less than half of the likely cost of healthcare reform – is not calculated to spur confidence.
The current plan is in line with the recommendations made by the Committee on foreign investment — a government inter-agency panel that can block deals on national security grounds — before us president donald trump threatened to ban TikTok in August.
Meanwhile François Hollande, French president, told mr trump to stay out of internal EU politics, after the US leader appeared to delight in the idea that the Brexit result might lead to the break-up of the bloc.
Like all good things, though, the party is ending. As commodity prices fall with China’s slowing economy, there is a new sense of anxiety. Everywhere, countries are vibrating with mildly suppressed panic – and the end of US quantitative easing does not help the mood. As the economic cycle turns, many governments seem confused as to which direction to take. Given how much has been achieved, there is often profound disagreement about what should come next.
As Medley Global Advisors, a macro research service owned by the FT, has pointed out, while share prices were already falling ahead of the July 4 weekend package of intervention measures, there were no liquidity problems evident at that point. Buy and sell orders were going through normally and margin calls were working.
His resolution was to abstain from excessive work, not just for 31 days, but for the rest of his life. He was fed up with pointless meetings and of emailing at 11pm.
The government plans to extend the compulsory biometric testing to all 146 of its visa operations around the world by the end of 2008. The steps follow the lead of the US, where those without a US passport are photographed and fingerprinted on entry to the country.
It has also given Agust&iacute n Carstens, the country's finance minister and architect of the hedging strategy, a Wall Street-sized reputation for financial wizardry.
Moody’s cut its top rating late on Monday, following a similar move by Standard & Poor’s in January. The main reason is France’s “gradual, sustained loss of competitiveness and the longstanding rigidities of its labour, goods and service markets”. That is pretty damning – but it is surely not news to the French.
Over the past year liberal democracies have provided a lot of people with cause for disappointment. mr trump is not what the world, nor many Americans, had wished for. And yet, he represents the democratic choice of millions of who feel marginalised by the political system. For them, he is a triumph for democracy. The rest will suffer the damage he causes but they can also be reassured that just as he was voted in, he can be voted out in four years.
Even as growth slows in industrialised countries, deal volume still outstrips the number of transactions in emerging markets. The developing world is catching up.
Brian Lenihan, finance minister, said Ireland was seeking financial support for its debt-ravaged banks which would include “a contingent fund, a standby facility of a very large sum”. It was also looking for budgetary support.
The Shenzhen-based company, which has been forced to issue profit warnings given a slump in its core infrastructure business, already had a financing facility with china development bank (CDB) of $15bn.
Wanhua had originally planned to enter the European chemicals market by constructing a new plant in the Netherlands but when heavily indebted Borsodchem ran into trouble during the financial crisis, the Chinese pounced.
No. Not in 2009 anyway. The new us president will have higher priorities in his first year in office and the dramatic gesture of lifting the embargo, 47 years old in February, would risk interfering with these more pressing objectives.
The 21 Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation group ministers called for urgent action to save the doha round negotiations on a new world trade agreement and insisted that open and rules-based trade was crucial for sustaining regional growth.
China’s support for latin america in the pandemic is also reaping diplomatic dividends. When the UN human rights Council discussed Beijing’s sweeping national security law imposed on Hong Kong, Cuba sponsored a resolution in support of the law which attracted 53 votes in favour, including those of Venezuela and Nicaragua. A resolution from the UK attacking the Chinese crackdown attracted just 27 votes. Tiny Belize was the only Latin American country to back the British proposal.
central bankers know the cost of careless talk. So Axel Weber, president of Germany's Bundesbank, may rue his choice of words eight days ago. The bail-out of IKB, a previously little-known listed bank that had been caught in the fallout from the us subprime mortgage crisis earlier in August, was an "isolated, institution-specific incident", he said.
I've got hugs for you if you were born in the 80s, the 80s
The State Bank of Vietnam yesterday awarded each bank a licence to apply to open wholly-owned units in the country, honouring a pledge made to open the sector when it joined the world trade organisation last year.
China is planning to sell dollar-denominated bonds for the first time in a decade, as it seeks to take advantage of investor appetite for Chinese credit amid the country’s unexpectedly strong economic growth.
us companies are more uncertain about the future than at any point since the financial crisis, with just one in five of the biggest corporations making any predictions as they published quarterly results.
The S&P 500 index, which had been down, rallied sharply, though gains later subsided. treasury yields pared their earlier rise, while the dollar fell against the euro, trading 0.8 per cent lower at $1.4783.
There are, of course, limits to randomised trials  good luck using one to evaluate the relative merits of fixed and floating exchange rates. But Banerjee's back-of-the-envelope calculations suggest that we have now sufficient randomised evaluations of specific projects to spend more than $10bn of aid a year on programmes with a proven record of success. That is about 15 per cent of official development aid, and more results are coming in each month. Successful projects included giving deworming tablets to children, which increased school attendance.
The election of joe biden as us president is the first good news for embattled believers in liberal democracy and the postwar multilateral order since 2016. He is a decent man with an instinctive grasp of the values America has, at its best, stood for. On the assumption that Donald Trump’s attack on the electoral process fails, mr biden will be president. That will be a huge relief. But it is folly to imagine that Trumpist division is defeated.
The reason all hell always breaks out over biscuits is not in spite of their triviality, but because of it. Biscuits are an emotional issue. In one place I worked, there were free biscuits  and even having them caused some resentment, as one colleague always used to get to the plate first and snaffle the chocolate ones. But getting rid of them caused a revolt.
The oddest thing about 2009 was how normal it was. At the beginning of the year, the global economic crisis was still causing panic in prime ministers' offices and presidential palaces across the world. Many politicians were looking anxiously back to the 1930s.
The price of oil rose on Thursday as Saudi jets bombed Houthi rebels in the Yemeni capital, raising fears that the civil conflict in the Gulf state could escalate into a regional war.
On June 19, it emerged that investment banks that had lent money to two hedge funds run by Bear Stearns asset management were on the verge of seizing assets to try to recover the cash. The highly leveraged funds had invested in supposedly very safe, highly rated complex debt products that in turn had exposure to bonds backed by subprime mortgage debt. The news was followed by a number of other funds reporting significant losses on similar debts. Those included Basis Capitalin Australia, vehicles run by Cheyne Capital and Cambridge Placein London, and Braddock Financialand United Capital in the US. A month after Bear's problems emerged, investors were told they had lost all their money in one fund and would get back just nine cents for each dollar invested in the second fund.
Levi Strauss last went public nearly half a century ago, when San Francisco-based denim jeans company launched an initial public offering in 1971. Both blue jeans and Levi Strauss have had plenty of ups and downs since then, but the company is venturing out again.
german chancellor angela merkel yesterday called for trade talks between the EU and a Russia-led economic bloc as a way of maintaining dialogue with president vladimir putin – and of countering claims her Ukraine policy is too tough on Moscow.
Though the ECB agreed to keep interest rates at record lows, mr draghi said the bank no longer had a “sense of urgency” to take further action on ­monetary stimulus and that policymakers “do not anticipate that it will be necessary to lower rates further”.
There are other owners of iPad trademarks, including Siemens, which has the right to use the term for engines and motors  and Coconut Grove Pads, which since 2008 has the right to the term for padded bras. The situation is reminiscent of 2007, when Apple first announced the iPhone and Cisco Systems owned the rights to the name. Cisco launched a lawsuit against Apple that was settled when the two companies agreed to share the name. Terms of the deal were never disclosed.
In an opinion piece today in the Financial Times, Ding Xuedong, chairman of china investment Corporation, said the $650bn sovereign wealth fund wanted to invest more in agriculture around the world and “across the entire value chain”.
Though China's notoriously opaque telecoms regulators remain resolutely silent on the subject, many telecoms analysts have long assumed that China Mobile will build a national TD-SCDMA network following the completion of its commercial trials.
At least on the latter score her detractors are being silly. How much maternity leave a powerful woman takes should be of no interest to the rest of us. If she wants to spend a lot of time tending to her double helping of new life, that’s OK. If she wants to be firing off emails from the delivery room, that’s OK too — so long as she does not force others to do the same.
Mindfulness is a fairly new buzz word used to sell lots of books and courses. As usual, the fad appears to have come from America – the home of so many self-indulgent fashions. They are a nation of almost naive early adopters – which means they embrace progress such as technology swiftly. But they also have a tendency to fall for psychobabble.
In such a world, what hope is there of addressing the risks of nuclear conflict, ethnic cleansing and environmental disaster?
It is a significant success for US special forces to have killed the leader of the most savagely ambitious jihadis of this century. This raid is probably more important than the killing, under president barack obama in 2011, of Osama bin Laden, author of the 9/11 attacks on US soil a decade earlier, who had by then faded into an afterlife of myth as his al-Qaeda movement of Islamist insurgents faltered.
Bank of America shares dropped 3 per cent on Tuesday on speculation that it will be the next high-profile target of Julian Assange’s whistle-blowing website.
Don Coxe, global portfolio strategist at BMO Capital Markets, says that, in the short-term, base metals prices will be weaker as the market tries to work out where the US and Chinese economies are heading.
The comments from Ken Hu, Huawei’s rotating chief, were the first executive confirmation of a probe that was reported in the Chinese press earlier this week.
The move is unprecedented in corporate Korea, where tycoons usually continue to run their business groups even after being convicted of serious white-collar crimes. It also comes as Samsung is facing increasing threats from emerging Chinese competitors.
Saudi sources present this as an attempt to nip a counter-coup in the bud, or a reminder that prince mohammed deals ruthlessly with anyone who doubts his fitness to succeed. Either way it is characteristically heavy-handed.
Even as Sir Fred's ambitions were expanding, however, shareholders were growing disillusioned. Profits continued to grow but the rating attached to RBS's shares waned as investors worried about the aggressive approach to acquisitions. In August 2005 James Eden, then an analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort, told Sir Fred there was a perception among some investors that he was “a megalomaniac who pursues size over shareholder value”.
“The shelling of a UN facility that is housing innocent civilians who are fleeing violence is totally unacceptable and totally indefensible,” he added, also calling on Hamas to stop firing rockets into Israel.
Announcing the vote, which will take place on Monday, Ms Gillard told reporters in Adelaide yesterday: “Following the resignation of Kevin Rudd . . . I had formed this view that we need a leadership ballot in order to settle this question once and for all.”
Know this from the beginning, however: certain themes are prominent  certain decades and styles ubiquitous, and they are vastly disparate  as a result, it's hard to imagine a personality who won't be able to find something to drag them gorgeously into the future. Simone Heift, for example, of Berlin's trend-setting department store Quartier 206, sees the revival of the 1960s and 1970s as the biggest statement for the winter  Olivia Richardson by contrast, head buyer at Liberty in London, thinks masculine tailoring will be the most important look, with trousers a key item. Linda Fargo, fashion director of Bergdorf Goodman (NY) and Ikram Goldman, owner of Ikram in Chicago, meanwhile, both believe a change in proportion and silhouette is crucial: "Sculptural tops and tunics over very narrow pants or leggings, or voluminous waisted pants paired with ultra shaped blouses and jackets" will be the purchases with the most impact on a wardrobe, says Fargo. And yet, for David Cheung of Villa Moda in Kuwait, military is still the answer to the battle of what-to-wear.
Senior Coca-Cola executives in India defended their sponsorship of the torch relay and denied having any regrets over the company's involvement, echoing comments by Neville Isdell, chief executive, at the group's annual meeting on Wednesday.
But will China’s banks collapse? No. Beijing effectively guarantees the profitability and stability of the banking system by socialising credit risk and enforcing a high spread between the lending and deposit rates. As long as the government is credible, the banks will be solvent.
“Donahoe has been quoted saying he wants to rid of eBay of the flea market look,” says Baughman. “How do they do that? They get rid of the small seller ... ”
The poster child for last year's red-hot real estate market in hong kong is gone.
Kaspersky Labs, a Moscow-based cybersecurity company, said it had uncovered the spying software in computers that were used in 30 countries, including Iran, Pakistan, Russia and China, which have long been priorities for us intelligence agencies.
a href="http://www.gbcc.org.uk/"Great Britain China Centre/a
“This could lead to a small injury. Or it could lead you to miss a traffic light. Or it could lead you to make an error in a million-dollar contract,” he says.
“China uses approximately twice the amount of minerals and metals as the US, but its GDP is one-third the size. The growth in these developing countries, which is very material- intensive, will support demand for many years,” he said.
Are we living through such a moment today as a global pandemic, a technological revolution and an existential environmental threat unleash a new wave of creative destruction of old institutions and ideas?
I hope a majority will vote to refuse Mr Murdoch's generous offer, without fear, but with confidence in a strong dow jones that is making a remarkably successful transition to the electronic information age. Why give a very bright future as an independent company to Rupert Murdoch?i
The Amsterdam-based group said the sale of an 80 per cent stake in Lumileds, which makes car components and LEDs, was now “uncertain” after the Committee on foreign investment in the US highlighted worries over the deal.
Yields on benchmark 10-year bonds jumped yesterday to five-month highs as the latest positive jobs news stoked hopes for economic recovery.
The conviction – which came a year after Mr Xue's trial ended – is seen as a reminder of the legal risks that foreign companies in China face and the opaque nature of state secrets legislation. The case against Mr Xue, stemmed from his attempt to buy a database about China's oil industry while working for IHS, the US-based energy consulting company, in 2007, according to a San Francisco-based advocacy group, The Dui Hua Foundation.
The country's largest broker had been asked by large japanese companies to provide advice on how to conduct an unsolicited offer, Hiromi Yamaji, executive managing director in charge of investment banking, told the Financial Times.
Once, when I ran a department, I had an office door that slammed shut. To keep it open, I wedged a piece of wood under it. Every couple of weeks one of my team would walk in and kick the wood away to close the door. They wanted a confidential chat.
The Luxembourg-based company - in which the south african mining group holds a 60 per cent stake - plans to use the fund to take minority stakes in new businesses round the world that would exploit the unusual technical characteristics of artificial diamonds.
The more lightly regulated offshore renminbi climbed 1.5 per cent last week — its biggest weekly rally in a year and one of the biggest on record — after results trickling out from the November 3 vote suggested mr biden would win the contest.
“It cannot be in Britain’s interest, or that of the wider world, to witness a lack of respect for human rights or the rule of law by any country with whom we seek to have a meaningful relationship, without challenging this when we become aware of it,” says the report. “In the relationship between the United Kingdom and China, we must make it clear that we are on the side of the people of China.”
“There's nothing else that compares to it in terms of the tradition and involvement in something that is watched all over the world,” he says. He spends the rest of his year managing PwC's los angeles office, which employs 1,000 people. “It's also a lot of fun seeing the presenters preparing to go on stage and announce the winners.”
Having watched Barbie lose market share to younger competitors such as Bratz and Hannah Montana, the world's largest toymaker is using the doll's 50th anniversary to re-launch it in a blizzard of worldwide events, starting with the opening of an experimental 36,000 ft flagship store in Shanghai.
Similarly, European carmakers such as BMW have complained about the US auto bail-out, which could violate anti-subsidy rules. But several EU governments are intervening to help their own car industries.
Washington said on Monday that no company worldwide would be allowed to sell semiconductors made using US software or equipment without a licence if Huawei was involved at any stage of the transaction.
Those funds have about $15bn in total assets under management, with venture capital as their smallest component. Lehman's fourth merchant banking fund, its most recent, closed on $3.3bn in capital commitments last year.
Apple has launched an investigation into its supply chain after a workers’ rights group alleged that one of its suppliers was illegally employing students in China to make Apple Watches.
While Beijing is maintaining an official monetary tightening bias, it appears to have suspended the appreciation of the chinese currency – regarded by economists as another key instrument for fighting inflation.
Crown said on Sunday it was working urgently with the Australian department of foreign affairs to make contact with its employees and ascertain their welfare.
This is the most prominent example of a widespread phenomenon: the tendency to pay more attention to hard facts, targets, outcomes and initiatives than to soft factors that are equally, or sometimes more, important.
Nowadays if you're not getting a free facial at the skincare counter, you are not getting the most out of your beauty shopping dollars. Thanks to an increasingly competitive skincare market that's pitting spas against department stores and prestige brands against mass marketers, savvy shoppers have more opportunities than ever to get their skin cleansed and pampered for free.
“Given the past track record of the North Koreans, no one should go into this with anything but a jaundiced and very sceptical view of their willingness to open up,” a senior administration official told the Financial Times.
Many of the Federal Reserve’s
Alphabet chief financial officer Ruth Porat was at pains to point out that the commercialisation is at a very early stage. But it is still worth pausing to let the reality sink in: there are now robot taxis on the streets in Arizona with no humans at the wheel, and with paying customers sitting in the back. The future has arrived.
There are few happy consequences of the emergence of the islamic state of Iraq and the Levant, which has swept across Iraq and Syria since the beginning of the year. A rare shaft of light, however, is to be found in the rapprochement between the two biggest branches of the Islamic mainstream.
Angry crowds have clashed with police in major cities across the US, with fierce battles in Los Angeles, Philadelphia and Washington, in the latest display of public anger over the death of Floyd, an unarmed black man, in police custody last week. Some 5,000 members of the National Guard have been called up in 15 states and the District of Columbia, with another 2,000 prepared to deploy “if needed”.
Raj Kumar, president of the Toy Association of India, said India was likely to have taken the step in the interest of the economy and consumer safety.
The benchmark remains 24 per cent higher this year, although analysts said the link between bond turmoil and the stock market was less clear.
If we are to make sense of where the world economy is today and might be tomorrow, we need a story about how we got here. By “here”, I mean today’s world of ultra-low real and nominal interest rates, populist politics and hostility to the global market economy. The best story is one about the interaction between real demand and the ups and then downs of global credit. Crucially, this story is not over.
Even mr chen cannot compete with the top-tier enthusiasts. “I didn’t want to part with the pigeon, but couldn’t afford to bid that much,” he said.
I worry that too few 21st-century teenagers get this type of experience &ndash  and that they are less well-rounded as a consequence.
The original point of cornerstones, before they were used to “de-risk” listing for SOEs, was as a marketing tool. If, say, Li Ka-shing liked a company, that would encourage others. But Mr Ma does not need more names: Alibaba’s existing investors include SoftBank, Yahoo, Temasek, CIC and Silver Lake. If that list does not impress investors, adding a few more blue chips is unlikely to help. The details of how much, when and how Alibaba lists are still to be finalised, of course. But when Mr Ma listens to the unending stream of banker pitches, he should bear in mind that the company is big enough and desirable enough on its own merits to help end this cloud over one of Asia’s biggest and most vibrant markets.
joe biden was elected the 46th president of the US after victory in the battleground state of Pennsylvania propelled him past the 270-vote electoral college threshold, ending Donald Trump’s hopes of re-election.
The global offshoring engineering industry is expected to grow to $150bn-$225bn by 2020 from $10bn-$15bn last year, according to the report.
So on meeting a dog, I’ve always feigned an interest in breeds and hesitantly attempted some patting. I doubt anyone was convinced, but social norms were at least upheld.
In its latest forecast the WTO said it expected global trade volumes to expand by 4.4 per cent in 2018 after growing 4.7 per cent last year in the best performance seen in six years.
Sceptics were vindicated when, in 1998, four Chinese swimmers failed pre-competition doping tests ahead of the world championships in Australia, while a team-mate and her coach were caught with 13 vials of a muscle-building agent at Sydney airport. Then, four swimmers and six of Mr Ma's runners were kicked off China's team for the 2000 games because of suspicious blood test results.
Sixty deals from emerging markets worth $32.7bn have been abandoned so far this year, compared with 26 deals worth $4.5bn in the same period in 2007, according to data from Thomson Reuters.
The exchange was forced to halt trading for a hour in the afternoon to prevent panic selling. The slide in the share index, which ended at 1173 points, was the steepest one-day decline in nearly 10 years.
analysts expect gross domestic product figures due out next Monday to show real growth at 6.7 per cent for the third quarter, lower than the official full-year target of “around 7 per cent”, according to a Bloomberg survey of 25 economists. official data showed real growth at 7 per cent in both the first and second quarters this year.
How do I know? First, very few of us go through a day without feeling bursts of anxiety about what we have done, are doing or will do. Second, it is the overriding message emerging from anonymous interviews with 152 chief executives for a study by Oxford’s Saïd business school and Heidrick & Struggles, the headhunter. Third, accepting that many situations have no definitive solution — one of the characteristics of a paradox — could, paradoxically, be the surest way to handle them.
Severstal and Evraz - Russia's second biggest steel company - both also seem intent on more international acquisitions. Gerdau of Brazil and Ternium of Argentina are emerging as regional South American champions: Gerdau has bought a series of north american businesses, the most recent deal being its $4.2bn purchase in July of US-based Chaparral.
Its response had led to a splintering in the global system, the official said, as national authorities separately raced to ground the Max 8, a model which had suffered its second crash in five months, instead of taking a unified global approach.
While the security council is trapped in stalemate, so too is Syria. The government has attempted to suppress, through extreme violence, a popular and widespread movement that, after 40 years of dictatorship, has decided it can no longer be intimidated. The result has been an increasing loss of control on the ground, and the opposition has turned to its own military campaign to fight back. Yet, it remains unclear how the government can be brought down through force alone.
The former head of China’s biggest energy group, one of the most senior officials to be ensnared in China’s anti-corruption drive, has gone on trial.
financial markets have been unsettled at the prospect of a victory for Mr Hollande in the May 6 run-off against Nicolas Sarkozy, fearing his refusal to ratify the treaty unless his demands are met could unleash fresh eurozone wrangling on cutting deficits.
I left Holland aged 16 but in 1999 I returned to spend a winter researching a book, and got addicted to a new TV show about some idiots locked in a house together. Yes: the Dutch had invented Big Brother. In 2001 they pioneered legal gay marriage and euthanasia.
He called on his hosts to lift restrictions on chinese companies raising capital abroad, and set a target of doubling to more than 100 the number of chinese companies listed in London.
The relationship between narendra modi and Shinzo Abe has all the ingredients of a geopolitical bromance. The Indian and japanese prime ministers are very keen on each other – and they do not mind who knows it. The two leaders shared a warm embrace over the weekend, as mr modi began a five-day trip to Japan. The indian prime minister has even rhapsodised that Japan-India relations have “more potential than any other ties in the world”.
Volvo Car Corp’s new chief executive said he planned to push the Swedish brand’s vehicles upmarket and make China its biggest market within five years.
Losing your job is one of life’s most miserable experiences – more so than getting a divorce. One reason for this is obvious: unemployment removes a constant stream of income. Even so, the unemployed also report substantially lower levels of happiness relative to those who are employed but have the same income. The psychic cost of unemployment can in part be explained by the social stigma and loss of self-esteem job loss entails.
The country's expected income from the first phase of Kashagan was only $120m a year for the first 10 years after the start of production, just 2 per cent of the project's revenues.
Brokers act as conduits in the market between banks, talking to a range of traders both by phone and electronically to determine appetite for frequently illiquid assets such as interest swaps, commodities and blocks of shares. They often use electronic screens on terminals such as Bloomberg and Thomson Reutersto provide information to banks.
Wu Guijun, 41, went on trial in Shenzhen this year for allegedly leading a worker protest that disrupted public order – a charge used to jail a number of legal rights activists over the past 12 months.
hillary clinton has launched her new book with the kind of coast-to-coast tour that has all the trappings of a political campaign, ranging from television interviews to appearances in megamalls.
The booming chinese stock market was responsible for up to half the earnings growth of companies listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen during the first six months of 2007  a worrying trend that analysts say will exacerbate any market downturn.
Wanda, the Shanghai-based conglomerate, and another chinese company are considering bids, as is us private equity group Providence, according to people familiar with situation.
NAC now has an American spokesman on its staff in Longbridge and mr wang displays an amiable and easy manner during the interview, even when pressed on difficult questions.
Canadian authorities have formally accused Allan Chan and other former Sino-Forest executives of fraud, a year after the first allegations of misconduct caused shares in the Chinese forestry company to collapse, and have said that an investigation continues into the “role of the gatekeepers”.
The cigar smoking teetotaller founded the China Club in Hong Kong, Beijing and Singapore. He was also the FT’s Agony Uncle, answering questions on topics from architecture to gardens and modern etiquette.
Sony, the Japanese electronics group, is to launch two new low-cost electronic book readers on Wednesday aimed at broadening the market for digital reading devices and challenging Amazon's Kindle readers in the US market.
Cash balances at a tenth of 1,700 companies analysed by the FT using data from S&P Capital IQ have turned negative in the past two quarters.
But the key area where the separation of powers is not observed is in the overlap of executive and legislature. The party that can command a majority in the House of Commons forms the government andrecruits about 100 MPs to staff it. This was for many years seen as a strength of the British constitution, what Walter Bagehot identified as the &ldquo efficient secret&rdquo  or &ldquo the close union, the nearly complete fusion, of the executive and legislative powers&rdquo , with cabinet being responsible to parliament.
As Guy Stephens at Rowan Dartington notes, while mr trump extols his tax cuts, “his concern should be focused on who will buy the colossal issuance — surely not the Chinese as before”.
The IMF has warned that unless the eurozone resolves its capital crisis, European banks’ balance sheets will contract severely, further damaging growth and pushing unemployment beyond its already record highs in the region.
The renewed speculation over Gateway came one year after Mr Hui launched an unsolicited $450m bid for the retail portion of Gateway's computer business. That offer was later rebuffed.
The prospect of a eurozone country restructuring its debts has moved closer with the proposed creation, at the urging of Germany and with the support of France, of a sovereign debt restructuring mechanism. At a minimum, this would make a lengthening of maturities easy to arrange. The risk that this might be accompanied by a haircut – a reduction in the bonds’ redemption value – is the real driver of the blow-out in yields. If there is a haircut, investors holding the shortest paper will face the biggest losses.
In the long history of White House scandals, this is the first to begin with a pop song called “Amor”.
Her presentation was followed by an impassioned plea from Ding Wei, the head of CICC's investment banking division, noting that CICC was built from the blood and sweat of management. As for the owners, “what have they done for CICC?” Mr Ding asked pointedly, these people say. Mr Cha, the hong kong shareholder, was enraged.
Beneath the international uproar lurks an inconvenient truth: the carbon market, the world’s largest, and the linchpin of Europe’s effort to lead the world in the fight against global warming, is in turmoil at home.
His arrest was the culmination of a year-long investigation by hong kong and Macao graft-busters, and shocked the former Portuguese enclave.
Foxconn Industrial Internet makes electronic equipment, industrial robots and cloud computing components. It will sell 10 per cent of the group after enlargement at a target price of Rmb13.77 per share, valuing the company at $43bn, according to a prospectus published by the shanghai stock Exchange.
That has piled pressure on foreign automakers. Suzuki quit the chinese market last year, while Ford and Peugeot owner PSA have been forced to run factories at well below full capacity.
us banks have been quietly borrowing massive amounts of money from the federal reserve in recent weeks by using a new measure the Fed introduced two months ago to help ease the credit crunch.
There he and his colleagues “drop-tested” toys from a child's height of 90cm, concerned that they might fracture into shards that were either dangerously small or sharp. “We want to make sure there isn't a problem with the plastic,” says the executive, asking not to be named for fear of drawing unwanted attention to his company and its suppliers.
Gao Guangsheng, the director of China's climate change Co-ordination Office, pointedly singled out Australia, population 20m, at a recent conference in Nairobi, saying that if it had as many people as China's 1.3bn, its carbon emissions would total 8.6bn tonnes a year. China's emissions are now about 1.3bn tonnes a year.
Mr van Zyl is one of a handful of performers who have completed Henley Business School’s MBA, designed for those in the creative industry. He heard about the course from Jon Foster-Pedley, head of Henley business school Africa, who once gave Mr van Zyl space on the Johannesburg campus to develop workshops.
With the bulk of their earnings in renminbi and fuel and aircraft costs denominated in US dollars, China’s big three airlines benefited from the Chinese currency’s steady appreciation against the greenback over the past decade.
Still, the improvement in headline growth for Asia should prompt optimism if not yet celebration in a world blighted by monetary exhaustion in Europe and Japan.
Several companies have begun to build up sophisticated research and design operations in China, while a wave of service sector companies are also venturing to the mainland for the first time.
But few of his followers would have gambled on Mr Bolton, who turns 60 in March, tearing up advanced retirement plans in favour of picking Chinese equities.
The official in charge of the hunt for malaysia airlines flight MH370 has declared its disappearance “an unprecedented missing aircraft mystery” and said tantalising leads reported at the weekend had evaporated.
This month, Donald Trump, US president, submitted a budget that cut World Bank contributions by $650m and reduced US participation in the IMF.
China drained a record amount of cash from its banking system this week, counteracting an explosion in credit growth that had stoked concerns about inflation.
Chugh has no regrets at all and you only have to talk to him about food, especially the street snacks from his childhood holidays in India, to see why: “Even though, for the first six months, I left at closing time, it's what suits me – it's been a wonderful road-to-Damascus conversion.”
On Monday, one of Mr Li’s family companies, CK Asset Holdings, agreed to buy the UK’s largest listed pubs and brewery group, Greene King, in a deal worth £4.6bn, including debt.
Since the MSCI World index peaked, on the appropriately ominous date of October 31 last year, the MSCI Bric index has fallen some 22 per cent and the FTSE-Eurofirst 300 21 per cent per cent. Both have performed worse than the S&P500 itself, down by less than 14 per cent, so markets have been gripped by a “recoupling” – troubles for the US have had more impact on the rest of the world than on the US itself.
Google is launching its own mobile network in the US, threatening to become a powerful competitor for telecoms groups unless they move quickly to support its ambitious efforts to improve internet access globally.
People familiar with the situation said Mr Ambani was looking at how he could maximise an effective controlling position in MTN/b by seeking to persuade the African mobile operator's shareholders to waive their right to a tender offer.
At the centre of almost all the arguments was the notion of "capitulation": the idea that market extremes are driven by excesses of emotion rather than market fundamentals. When investors finally panic and shares fall as swiftly as they did on Monday, this can often be a sign that the last optimists have given up. That is classically a signal that shares have been sold down to a "bedrock" cheap valuation, prompting new investors to start looking for bargains.
In a test run, the city cut the number of cars by a third over four days starting from Friday, by alternating dates on which vehicles with odd and even number plates could be driven.
mr bush announced plans yesterday to appoint a special envoy to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, a grouping of 57 mostly Muslim nations, in an attempt to improve relations between the US and the Islamic world. “Our special envoy will listen and learn from representatives from Muslim states and will share with them America's views and values,” he said in a speech at the Islamic Centre of Washington.
Goldman is expected to be among the hardest-hit by new rules preventing banks from trading for their own accounts and demanding they hold more regulatory capital against their assets. It is known to be examining ways to tweak its business model and recently bulked up its insurance business by buying Ariel Holdings, a Bermuda-based reinsurer.
This emerging geopolitical drama was underlined by a fascinating statement in Hanoi at the end of last month by Hillary Clinton. En route to her daughter's wedding, the us secretary of state told a regional meeting that the US was willing to act as a mediator in talks over the islands in the south china sea disputed by, among others, China.
A hint of a sneer flickered across the face of bo xilai as he stood handcuffed and flanked by two giant policemen while his life sentence was read out in a chinese court on Sunday.
Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor, on Monday launched his 2016 presidential campaign, making formal what has been assumed for months as he criss-crossed America raising millions of dollars for what is expected to become the most expensive White House race in history.
Mr Mobius said Malaysia's industrial policy was also a barrier. He was critical of “sacred cows” such as Proton, the troubled national car group, whose growth was fostered behind high tariff barriers.
Future rises in Japan’s interest rates could encourage Japanese investors to invest their money at home rather than abroad. The danger is that this could lead to a higher yen and a fall in the value of foreign assets as a result of lower demand. Less investment in us assets could bring a bursting of the us housing bubble and a brake on consumer-led growth, spreading economic pain across the world.
Not many people get a bear-hug from Kim Jong-il, the North Korean leader, but Wen Jiabao, the Chinese premier, joined that club in October. This symbolic embrace signals a culmination of Chinese efforts to restore its relationship with north korea following what Pyongyang calls &ldquo China's betrayal&rdquo  in 1992 when Beijing established diplomatic relations with Seoul. Mr Wen's visit to Pyongyang to celebrate the 60th anniversary of Sino-North Korean relations underscores the importance, as well as the complexity of this strategic &ldquo friendship&rdquo . In contrast to the flurry of Chinese diplomatic activity, us ambassador Stephen Bosworth's visit yesterday to Pyongyang marks the first official contact between Barack Obama's administration and the North Korean regime.
China’s anti-corruption body, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) found the chairman, Yao Gang, had “violated party discipline”. He was also found guilty of “abusing his power to seek benefits and accepted huge amounts of money,” according to a statement posted to the commission’s website.
Deborah Hersman, chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, said yesterday the assumptions underlying the approval “must be reconsidered”.
The hong kong monetary authority – the de facto central bank and industry regulator in the chinese city – has been investigating a number of institutions, but named HSBC after the UK-listed lender was listed among 20 banks being disciplined for alleged rate rigging in Singapore.
Given higher growth rates and scope for fiscal stimulus, Asia is not going to fall off a cliff – but it is bearing the cost of being a paid-up member of the global economy.
The deal, which creates a giant union-managed fund to provide healthcare, is likely to pave the way for similar agreements at GM's two smaller Detroit rivals, Ford Motor and Chrysler.
sri lanka is poised to sell a majority stake in its remote Hambantota port to a Chinese state company after revising the deal to assuage Indian concerns that the port would be used as a military base.
Lenovo, the world's fourth-largest PC maker, yesterday revealed a second consecutive quarter of profit as the group saw its recovery broaden beyond China to other emerging markets.
Meanwhile, controlling financial risk has emerged as the dominant economic policy theme for 2017. At the conclusion of the annual session of China’s rubber-stamp parliament last week, the government pledged to “contain excessive home price rises in hot markets”.
Last year's scandal over tainted baby milk, which killed six and injured 300,000 Chinese infants, has catalysed public opinion both inside and outside the country. Cleaning up the notoriously fragmented and unregulated food industry will take years rather than months but industry officials say the crisis has prompted the government &ndash  and foreign brands that source foods there &ndash  to increase testing, monitor middlemen and strengthen the supply chain.
On Monday, mr trump appeared to break decades of strong-dollar policy in the US by saying the level of the currency was too high and was preventing american companies from competing with Chinese counterparts. The comments caused a sell-off in the greenback, reversing a strong rally that had run since election day.
In their superb book, Orville Schell and John Delury, scholars of China, chart the intellectual struggles of the nation’s great modern thinkers. They conclude that a “common chord rings through all their work”: how to make China strong and wealthy after its 19th-century collapse under foreign assault and internal putrefaction.
“If [the controls] work they can only work in the short term, not in the long term,” says Ha Jiming, chief economist at china international Capital.
The 15 per cent charge on $300bn of goods that us president donald trump introduced on September 1 affects about 50 titles that Bloomsbury will print in China and ship for sale in the US before the end of its financial year in February.
Fears of 1970s-style stagflation are back in the air. Global bond markets are growing ever more nervous over this possibility, and US and european central bankers are talking increasingly tough about the perils of mounting inflation.
The leading survey of the industry's capital spending costs, produced by Cambridge Energy Research Associates, a consultancy, is set to show a decline for the fourth quarter of last year, the financial times has learnt.
Until now, mr macron has always had a big plan for the future.
In the intensely complicated US loans market, a large number of lenders have gone bust. On the website run by the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators (Nasfaa), at least 50 lenders had suspended their loan schemes by the end of June.
Freak snowstorms have short-circuited the economic powerhouse China. With transport and power seriously disrupted – trucks are stranded on roads while brownouts are affecting half the country's 31 provinces – the economy's engine rooms are not so much humming as spluttering.
Engines of Privilege is a fresh dissection of what its authors deem “Britain’s private school problem”. But in this richly detailed account of Britain’s educational castes, insistent in its calls for change, the historian David Kynaston and education economist Francis Green lapse into a contagious weariness — why are we still discussing such egregious inequities when they might have been dealt with any number of times?
The Legatum study identifies a shift in opinion against the open market economy which we have not seen for several decades. The study demonstrates that the private sector is regarded with contempt and seen as exploitative of both employees and consumers. The three words most associated with the private sector are selfish, corrupt and greedy. Profit is a dirty word, almost as dirty as the word global. People want controls on top pay and higher corporate taxes. The desire for nationalisation of water supplies, the railways and energy companies is strong and not limited to those on the left. Of those surveyed 76 per cent want the railways renationalised  77 per cent want the state to take over the electricity business. These views come from the political right as well as the traditional left.
Exports are expected to drop by a fifth this year, with consumer prices projected to fall sharply too.
News of the Berkshire deal pushed BofA’s stock up on Thursday. By mid-morning in New York, the shares were up 12 per cent at $7.82, with other banks also trading higher.
Russia's relationship with China has improved significantly over the past few years with Russia pledging to build oil and gas pipelines to China. China is also the primary market for Russian weapons. Yet, despite the mutual recognition of economic dependence, the fear of millions of Chinese flooding into sparsely populated areas is growing.
As a former adviser to Jack Welch and co-founder of Lorimar Telepictures, the company that brought emiDallas /emto the world's television screens, Michael Garin has impeccable capitalist credentials.
How do you celebrate a failure? Answering this question should not prove hard for north korea because the regime is in the business of mythmaking to hide its flaws.
The deal resulted from a conspiracy to “push the situation on the korean peninsula to the extreme pitch of tension and ignite a war against [North Korea]”, said the National Defence Commission, North Korea’s top military body, yesterday.
People close to the situation said Vikram Pandit, the chief executive, had reversed his previous backing for Citi's financial supermarket structure. Bankers said that the unwanted parts could be eventually spun off into a wholly separate entity but, until then, it was likely to operate as an arms-length unit of Citi, in an attempt to isolate badly-performing businesses and assets.
“As an envoy, I can’t want peace more than the protagonists, more than the security council or the international community for that matter,” Mr Annan told reporters. “At a time when we need – when the Syrian people desperately need - action, there continues to be finger-pointing and name-calling in the Security Council.”
Our main courses arrive: for Goleman, a deep-fried fish sandwich  and, for me, a spinach salad tossed with a mustard vinaigrette dressing. What happens, I ask, to those who lack even a whiff of social intelligence - they must be doomed to the lower rungs on the corporate ladder.
Are we about to abandon a practice that dates back some 7,000 years to Mesopotamia? Over the centuries, physical money has evolved from tokens that represented goods in warehouses, then precious metals, and now our system uses coins and paper and plastic notes based on faith of the central banks.
Japan's central bank governor yesterday made the case for a gradual increase in interest rates, warning that keeping rates low could fuel the so-called yen carry trade and destabilise the country's economy.
The ECB said in the latest edition of its twice-yearly financial stability Review that vulnerabilities stemming from emerging markets had increased over the past six months and China was still “of particular concern”, despite a decline in volatility since the summer.
President François Hollande’s Socialist government has made clear it regards agreement about urgent moves to tackle the eurozone debt crisis as top priority.
south korean police have raided Google’s office in Seoul as part of an investigation into whether the internet search group illegally collected location data from Android-based smartphone users in the country.
Britain's Olympic athletes came home from Beijing last week, their record 19 gold medals around their necks.
China’s central bank is not independent from the government and the Communist party. Mr Yi will be a subordinate to Liu He, a politburo member and top economic adviser to Mr Xi. China’s parliament is expected on Monday to confirm mr liu as vice-premier in charge of economic and financial policy. Ma Kai, who previously held that vice-premiership, was ostensibly Mr Zhou’s superior but was widely viewed as less influential.
Some european officials dismissed the appeal out of hand while others speculated it was an attempt by Mr Tsipras to strengthen his hand domestically ahead ofSunday’s referendum on a previous bailout offer.
One of the companies would include Lehman's real estate holdings, now valued at $43bn, which could prove difficult to sell at a time when the commercial real estate market is only just starting to suffer from corporate lay-offs and liquidations.
The broker-dealer, run by Jon Corzine, an ex-chief executive of Goldman Sachs and former governor of New Jersey, admitted defeat in its attempt to stay in business after an 11th-hour deal to sell itself to Interactive Brokers Group fell apart. It is the largest failure of a US financial company since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
It was often said that change in saudi arabia came at a glacial pace. At best, its rulers moved two steps forward and one step back. These days, you’re more likely to hear that the world’s largest oil exporter is moving far too fast. It has become an unpredictable, aggressive kingdom, where long-held taboos are broken every day and new rules are introduced overnight.
JPMorgan Chase was due to begin syndicating $700m of debt this week for DreamWorks, the studio started by Mr Spielberg and backed by Reliance Big Entertainment, an Indian media group.
donald trump yesterday called on FBI director James Comey to “hang tough” in his investigation of Hillary Clinton, predicting the US would see the criminal trial of a sitting president if she wins next week’s election.
Nonetheless, the assessment is compatible with a continued implicit bias towards inflation and tighter monetary policy. Fed officials are troubled by a rise in core prices (excluding food and energy) and by signs that inflation expectations are unsettled.
The data suggest that banks such as Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley, which guide companies on to the public markets, have responded to fund managers’ demands for better deals, following a string of high-profile flops this year.
Since last June, northern siblings Shanghai and Shenzhen have gained 86 and 77 per cent, respectively. H shares are up just one-fifth. Domestic buyers in Shanghai and Shenzhen have clearly been more bullish about China than the foreign buyers of H shares.
But after four days of US pressure and negotiations, the cartel and its allies overcame a final hurdle, when Mexico was awarded a concession to cut by a smaller margin than its Opec+ peers. This resulted in the overall curbs amounting to 9.7m b/d between Opec and its allies, including Russia, slightly less than the 10m b/d initially pledged, or roughly 10 per cent of pre-crisis demand.
Lloyds banking group is poised to sell off its City of London headquarters in a sale-and-leaseback deal that would take advantage of a property market buoyed by an influx of Chinese buyers.
For a brief, surreal moment, the prevailing narrative in Washington was that the 2008-09 bail-outs were not really so bad. In September, Tim Geithner, Treasury secretary, called the government’s troubled asset relief programme “one of the most effective emergency programmes in financial history”, claiming that the final cost to taxpayers would be less than $50bn.
Chinese viewers “still spend a tremendous amount of time — more than anyone else in the world — viewing online videos”, said Danielle Bailey, head of asia pacific research at digital agency L2. “But live streaming is dominating, as well as short videos where people and brands can produce content.”
Behind the wild swings of stock markets this year lie the swings of the inventory cycle. Faced with a generational shock last year, many managers made instant decisions that are now proving to have been mistakes.
Third, the market has also seen two bear market troughs since 1920: 1932 and 1981. These were excellent times to buy stocks. It helps if purchasers are patient: the period from trough to subsequent peak was 33 years and 18 years, respectively.
Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, said little could be done without engaging emerging economies that are rapidly increasing their consumption of energy.
Some of this baggage is irrational and outdated, but it weighs heavy on the psyche nevertheless.
data released on Friday showed outstanding total social financing, a broad credit measure, grew 10.7 per cent in March compared with 10.1 per cent in February. It was the highest monthly credit increase since last August.
The financial times also misinforms readers by stating that America's steel industry has “been in decline for years”. In fact, 2008 marked the sixth straight year of positive performance and growth within our industry until we, like steel and other manufacturers worldwide, were hit in the fourth quarter by a severe and rapid global downturn.
chinese companies are calling for a new charities law in the wake of the devastating earthquake in Sichuan to allow them to set up private foundations, a move that could open up space for civil society in China.
And what would that involve? The starting point is that, despite massive wealth creation, happiness has not risen since the 1950s in the US or Britain or (over a shorter period) in western Germany. No researcher questions these facts. So accelerated economic growth is not a goal for which we should make large sacrifices. In particular, we should not sacrifice the most important source of happiness, which is the quality of human relationships &ndash  at home, at work and in the community. We have sacrificed too many of these in the name of efficiency and productivity growth.
That concern is in contrast to periods when a weak dollar was seen as a great bargain-buying opportunity for non-dollar investors. When the dollar dropped, investors would often buy more at a lower price to reduce the overall cost of an investment. This is no longer the case.
The biggest global energy consumer, according to the international energy Agency, China’s needs have grown so fast that the infrastructure cannot keep pace.
But are men’s wardrobes, as well as women’s, affected by financial fluctuations? From London’s Jermyn Street to the recent menswear collections, designers are deviating from the classic spread collar towards more flamboyant styles – and shirtmakers are attributing this to an improvement in the economy.
Just like any other over-leveraged asset manager, Rio Tinto is reining in the non-essential spending. As commodity prices boomed last year, the world's third-largest miner raised its capital expenditure guidance for 2009 to an all-time high of more than $9bn. Last month, under pressure to arrest a share price collapse after BHP Billiton withdrew its takeover approach, Rio said it would reduce that to $4bn. Yesterday came news that its Corumbá iron ore mine in Brazil – subject of a big planned capex boost six months ago – would again be an important source of savings. It is no surprise to see mining projects put on ice, while prices of metals, demand from factories and funding for expansion are in retreat. Few miners have a more urgent need to limit discretionary outlay than Rio, where net debt of $37bn exceeds a market capitalisation of $36bn.
Fortescue, which has a market value of more than A$8bn, has been linked to Chinese bid interest for years. However, the latest talks have prompted the Australian group to appoint financial advisers, led by JPMorgan, to consider “approaches and proposals”.
■Kervansaray, Mahlerstrasse 9, tel: +43 1 512 88 43, a href="http://www.hummerbar.at/" target= blankwww.hummerbar.at/a
mr huang is closely associated with the so-called ‘Shanghai Gang', the tight coterie of officials who served in the coastal city and who dominated the central leadership under the Jiang Zemin, the former president.
Ye Chunhe, ShFE vice general manager, also confirmed to a conference in Shanghai on Thursday that the bourse expects to launch a futures contract on a base metals index, the Securities Times reported.
Indeed, there is no doubting Sepa's lack of clout when it comes to tackling politically well-connected companies. Mr Pan recently admitted that a Sepa team had simply been denied entry to inspect facilities at one Anhui copper company and complained that local officials often protect polluters rather than punishing them.
China’s military would “give a head-on blow” to foreign forces “violating” China’s sovereignty.
Joshua Wong made his pledge on Monday after failing to boost the waning demonstrations by surrounding government buildings at the weekend.
Alitalia's shares soared by 9 per cent to �.02 as investors reacted to the announcement that the state-owned Russian flag carrier had thrown its hat in the ring with the support of UniCredit, Italy's largest bank in terms of market capitalisation.
Analysts said steelmakers are likely to pass the rise in costs on to customers, such as construction companies and car makers.
The increase lifted the poverty rate to 15.1 per cent of the US population, the highest since 1993 and almost 1 percentage point higher than the year before. It will add to pressure on barack obama to stimulate the jobs market, where unemployment stands at 9.1 per cent.
Alibaba has chosen Jack Ma’s trusted lieutenant to replace the founder when he steps down as chief executive of the Chinese e-commerce group in May.
That rotation was present elsewhere, among some of the world’s largest companies. State-backed Sinopec, China’s biggest oil refiner, said on Sunday in its interim results that it had sought to increase its production of medical and healthcare products in the first half of the year.
Temasek Holdings, the singapore state investment company, is prepared to invest more in western financial groups in spite of suffering paper losses on investments in merrill lynch and Barclays, S. Dhanabalan, Temasek chairman, said yesterday.
David Cameron, the prime minister, said on Monday that a full parliamentary inquiry would be held into the Libor rate-fixing scandal and standards in the banking industry, with witnesses called to give evidence under oath.
According to estimates by Prof Petri and Michael Plummer, a professor of international economics at Johns Hopkins University, RCEP will add $186bn to the size of the global economy and 0.2 per cent to the gross domestic product of its members.
Because of Mr Xi’s repeated admonition that state-owned companies should be bigger, the government has organised multiple mergers of large enterprises in particular industries. This ill-advised consolidation has reduced competition, weakening the incentive for innovation and cost control.
deutsche bank has agreed to pay $7.2bn to resolve the Department of Justice’s probe into the alleged mis-selling of mortgage securities – about half the sum authorities had originally claimed.
The first published ruling by China's new antitrust regime has sparked fears that authorities could use the laws to shield domestic industry from foreign competition.
The Chinese forestry company at the centre of a Canadian regulatory investigation rebutted allegations of fraud on Tuesday, even as the company’s own legal and accounting advisers raised concerns about their access to information.
But the loans, coming as China overtakes Russia as Kazakhstan's biggest trading partner, have come at a political price and stoked fears in some circles of a creeping Chinese colonisation in the oil-rich central asian country.
“The crisis is just starting to spread beyond the middle class,” said Curtis Arnold, founder of CardRatings.com. “Even folks with good credit-ratings scores are no longer immune from adverse actions from their card issuers.”
They are not alone. Sumitomo Mitsui financial group has cut the term of its holdings from more than three years to less than two years.
Big American technology companies have not told Congress the truth about the extent of Russian manipulation in the 2016 presidential election, according to a report prepared for US senators to be released this week.
A further 62,197 people in the US tested positive for coronavirus over the past 24 hours, according to data from Covid Tracking Project, up from 51,888 on Tuesday and about 4,600 more than the previous high mark on July 3. There have been 3,042,503 confirmed cases in the US since the pandemic began.
The pleasant surprise is the forecast growth of 6 per cent in Africa next year. Developing Asia is forecast to remain the world's leader, with growth of 7.7 per cent: China is on 9.3 per cent, while India is down to  6.9 per cent. Meanwhile, central and eastern europe is forecast to grow only 3.4 per cent next year and the western hemisphere to grow even more slowly, at 3.2 per cent.
hong kong has priced the first public float in the world to raise more than $1bn in 2016, marking the slowest start to a year for initial public offerings since the financial crisis in 2009.
Mr Bain started travelling with Maxjet after reading about it in the new york Times.
However, China and Russia have consistently been reluctant to impose additional sanctions on Tehran, and have instead encouraged Mr ElBaradei in his efforts to broker a deal with Iran on disclosing more about its nuclear past.
Looking back on three months’ worth of extreme market volatility it is clear that global currency wars have entered a new and more complicated phase. In effect, volatility has neutered the power of those central banks that have been most committed to weakening their currencies. The Bank of Japan provides the most notable example of impotence.
Earlier, Asia held up better, with shares ending flat in hong kong and Tokyo.
Meanwhile, Hong Kong's hang seng index hit a new record, closing up 2.7 per cent to 21,582.89.
However, Mr Spitzer also began to give off signals that a man who had always lived life under high pressure was feeling intense strain. He had a penchant for profanity-laced tirades. Towards the end of his time as attorney-general, and more frequently in the governor's office, Mr Spitzer unleashed his tongue in ways that were both inappropriate and counterproductive. He declared "war" on John Whitehead, the former chairman of Goldman Sachs, and called Joe Bruno, the Republican state senate president, "an old senile piece of shit".
Universities produce fewer than 500 graduates a year from programmes in which Mandarin forms a substantial part and the report's authors said the lack of linguists would lose the UK opportunities in the Chinese market.
“The first half will be rather tough,” said Yang Yuanqing, chief executive, pointing to weak demand in China and Europe. “However, starting from the second half, we believe Windows 8 adoption will pick up. There will be growth.”
Irish bond prices fell sharply on Friday after fears increased that the country will need to turn to the international community to bail out its economy.
But Gionee did not appear out of nowhere. The company, along with a dozen equally fast-growing domestic peers, is well-known in China.
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank has raised $5bn in two deals this year. The bank’s Rmb20bn onshore issuance still ranks as the world’s largest green bond deal.
A follow-up Russian soirée gave the ex-Soviet Union the festival's last, reverberant word. Andrei Nekrasov's documentary Rebellion: The Litvinenko Case was screened out of competition, hot from the cutting room and hot in all senses. A scorching indictment of Vladimir Putin, it ransacks history for crimes of cruelty and corruption, murder and embezzlement, committed and covered up by the premier (Nekrasov insists) to help autocracy masquerade as a democracy.
China’s railway industry might have a use for the slogan now. On Thursday, state-owned locomotive maker China CNR confirmed it had won a $567m order for rolling stock for Boston’s subway system, the ‘T’. The deal is the first significant infrastructure win for a chinese company in North America.
Large public companies are mostly owned by a hugely fragmented shareholder base. Most of us have pension and insurance policies, through which we all invest in equities  everyone owns them and yet no one does. No owner has control, so the hired hands rule the roost. fund managers meet executive directors twice a year for an hour and expect to understand what is going on. Too often they judge management based on their ability to carry off a presentation rather than their true skills as leaders. Professional investors have stakes in 100 companies or more and expect to have real insight into all of them: a fantasy. Meanwhile, the top directors of a large public company can spend a fifth of their time visiting hundreds of actual or would-be shareholders.
His idea is that Italians would then have a better understanding of how financial markets work, would invest their savings more effectively and as a result would learn to respect, appreciate and ultimately love bankers.
Country Garden began this run of cash calls late last month with a heavily discounted (also 31 per cent) 1 for 15 rights issue amounting to HK$400m. Yuexiu Property followed in early September offering 33 shares for every 100  a deal worth nearly HK$500m which came at a 25 per cent discount.
The us department of Agriculture estimated that, in the year to August 31, ethanol producers will have consumed 5.05bn bushels of corn, or more than 40 per cent of last year’s harvest. Animal feed and residual demand accounted for 5bn bushels.
Stephen Green, chief executive of HSBC, also said some accounting regulations for banks needed urgent review because they made banks' balance sheets more volatile during periods of financial distress.
In both cases, however, one thing is clear: women want to hear that their partner likes their outfit but they also want to know if he doesn't. Catch 22? Well, here's the thing: the greatest, most productive words of encouragement – “Buy it darling, buy it. You look beautiful in it” – are also the most obvious.
A less suitable basis for a cohesive economic bloc than Apec is hard to imagine. Its members are widely dispersed geographically and economically: output per head in the US, the richest, is almost 70 times that in Vietnam, the poorest. The grouping is beset by many of the policy conflicts and tensions that  have paralysed the Doha round.  In addition, Apec is hamstrung  by basic differences of approach.  The US, Australia and other “western” members favour  adversarial bargaining and hard outcomes. asian governments instinctively prefer flexible process and non-binding agreements. As the majority, they have prevailed.
But the underlying reason for the day one jump is more fundamental – the huge liquid funds which are largely trapped inside China by capital controls, and a shortage of other investment opportunities.
Huang Rulun, a real estate developer who got his start in Manila’s Chinatown, was feted by President Rodrigo Duterte and poured money into treatment centres for drug users caught up in the Philippine leader’s bloody war on narcotics.
It is the vegetables, plus the bottle of wine in the window, that makes me stop and peer through its sliding door. I am intrigued by what I see. The whole interior seems to be made up of dark, well-worn wood. A man in formal Japanese attire stands in front of a strikingly tall woman in a dark kimono.
On the left, George Galloway, the leader of the Respect party, offered up his hot take: “Those who rule us built this monstrous extremism, and continue to sustain it, in Syria and elsewhere. And their policies feed its blood-lust.” As is often the case with Mr Galloway, the west is to blame.
That is not quite how China’s leaders like to present the CPPCC, held alongside the National People’s Congress, the country’s parliament, which opens in earnest in Beijing on Saturday.
The cost of insuring the debt of the 125 investment-grade companies in the benchmark iTraxx Europe rose by more than 20 per cent to as high as 136.9 basis points, before closing at 126.5bp. That compares with a level of about 51bp at the start of the year, according to data from Markit Group.
Britain will prolong its austerity drive until 2018 as the country’s independent budget watchdog slashed its economic growth forecasts and the chancellor missed one of his targets to improve the public finances.
Whether it be in finance in hong kong or consulting in Shanghai, companies are looking for talent with regional knowledge, language fluency and a western educational and professional background.
In private, officials from international train manufacturers operating in China say it is futile to complain to Beijing or initiate legal proceedings. Despite its claims that all its high-speed technology is now homegrown, the ministry has organised a team of lawyers and officials to investigate how vulnerable state rail companies will be to IP lawsuits when they start selling in the international market.
Soaring commodities prices once again haunt the world economy. The global recovery has seen prices surge. Many commodities are near or above their 2008 peaks. Maize is an astounding $290 per tonne, and oil is back above $100 a barrel. Soaring food and energy prices now pose severe economic, political, and social risks in developing countries.
Ms Li issued an open letter on behalf of the 16 employees chosen by workers to negotiate on their behalf, during a strike that closed the Japanese carmaker's china operations for a full week. “We must maintain a high degree of unity and not let the representatives of Capital divide us,” the letter urged. “This factory's profits are the fruits of our bitter toil . . . This struggle is not just about the interests of our 1,800 workers. We also care about the rights and interests of all Chinese workers.”
oil prices had already fallen so close to production costs, he added, that 35 of 150 upstream oil projects under development had been postponed, with more expected to follow.
George Orwell’s farmyard parable about communist Russia might not seem like a natural analogy for such a sublimely capitalist activity. But tucked into Lyft’s 200-plus-page registration statement were plans to give Logan Green, chief executive, and John Zimmer, president, class B shares with 20 times the voting power of everyone else. The two men, who founded Lyft in 2012, will control nearly 50 per cent of the votes, even though their economic interest is closer to 7 per cent. As Orwell put it: “All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.”
I have tasted scores of English wine offerings in the past few weeks and still feel the sparkling wines are superior to the still ones but there are now some still, dry whites I can recommend too (see below). Stanlake Park, Bacchus 2005 is very well made, super-clean and fruity with England's characteristic zippy acidity. Bacchus, like so many grapes planted for still wines in England, is an early-maturing German variety. Camel Valley's Cornish 2006 Bacchus is even better with lovely zest. More expensive but creditably delicate is Chapel Down's Tenterden Bacchus Reserve 2005 but, like most English wines, it is difficult to buy other than direct from the vineyard. The English wine business would probably crumble and die without its farmgate sales.
Outside Opec, the situation is even worse. despite recent success in Brazil, oil companies are having such a tough time finding new fields that their reserves are shrinking, and analysts say non-Opec production this year has hit its peak and will never rise again. Indeed, in 2008, the non-Opec world will add so little crude oil that three out of four of the extra barrels produced this year over last will actually be made of biofuel, stemming from soya beans and sugar cane, rather than crude.
China has not yet published a full set of current and capital accounts for the first quarter. That leaves the reserves number as the best proxy. There are two reasons to believe that it understates the position. First, the People's Bank of China is transferring funds to china investment Corp, the fledgeling sovereign wealth fund with a $200bn kitty. The timing is unclear, but economists estimate that up to $100bn of that target could have been shifted to CIC in the first quarter.
The absence of a central clearer has made such contracts risky since there is no guarantee that parties will pay out.
China sold $2.5bn of Treasuries in March amid heightened tension between Beijing and Washington over trade, according to official data released on Tuesday.
Democratic presidential candidates have seized on the health and safety scares surrounding imported chinese products to amplify their calls for a tougher approach to China on issues ranging from trade to human rights.
The Thai government sent out a clear message to currency markets yesterday that it did not want to see any significant further strengthening of the baht.
The blue-chip indicator jumped 2.4 per cent to 27,065.15, leaving it more than 35 per cent up since the start of the year.
The narrow technical problem was a trade-off between pest-control and irrigation. Farmers made careful use of the 170 rivers and streams flowing down the slopes of Bali’s sacred volcanoes  water conservation was most easily done with different communities – subaks – planting at different times. Pest control, in contrast, was best achieved by every farm going fallow at the same time, so that the pests were starved of food. The ideal compromise is a complicated and ever-changing schedule of regionally clustered rotation – and one which must be agreed or imposed in a system where one selfish farmer can damage many others. With the new rice crop, the government was centrally co-ordinating the rice planting, and the new system was failing.
The stand-off over public testimony by officials with knowledge of Mr Trump’s actions related to the Ukraine scandal — which is the subject of the articles of impeachment against mr trump — has become the dominant political flashpoint between lawmakers in recent weeks.
Nicholas White, a professor of philosophy at the University of California, Irvine, offers a more balanced view of the nature of the ancients in A Brief History of Happiness. The chief worth of White’s (unhappily dull) book lies in its attempt to explain how thinking on happiness changed from Greek antiquity through to Jeremy Bentham’s 19th century utilitarian idea of the “greatest happiness of the greatest number” （查自吉林大学理论法学研究中心http://www.legaltheory.com.cn/info.asp?id=5163）. Unfortunately, his history barely mentions the most recent thinking on happiness. But he does concede that when it comes to giving advice on happiness, philosophers may not be the best source.
News of mass Floridian mortgage defaults clouded 2006. The US entered a technical recession in 2007. Unemployment reached double-digits as late as 2009.
Just as he blazed a trail through the world of rock’n’roll, David Bowie gave financial markets something they had never seen before — pop bonds.
The economic theory – such as there was – behind the creation of the euro was that the single currency itself, and the supposed impossibility of devaluation by members, would act as a harmonising force. But this has not happened and present relationships have become unsustainable. Herbert Stein, an economist active in Washington towards the end of the last century, said that if a policy or situation was unsustainable, it would not be sustained. But he did not indicate how long it would take for such situations to unravel.
Shinzo Abe, Japan’s prime minister, is a man of conviction. But even he must have had a moment of self-doubt yesterday when it emerged that Japan grew by an annualised 1 per cent only in the last three months of 2013, less than half of what analysts expected. Some will surely see these disappointing numbers as a sign that Abenomics, the prime minister’s mix of fiscal, monetary and supply-side policies aimed at revitalising the economy, is coming off the rails. But while this judgment is probably too hasty, mr abe and Japan’s corporations must act soon to stop the recovery coming to a grinding halt.
In case you don't understand why this perfectly reasonable request was so upsetting, let me spell it out. It directly fed my fear of being found out. I've had this fear all my working life  it hasn't gone away as I've got older, though it has been slightly dulled by the experience of not getting found out, month in month out. I was almost allowing myself to think that I'd get away with it forever.
China’s ambassador to Iceland is missing and has been arrested over allegations he is a Japanese spy, according to media reports.
Hiroshi Kimura, chief executive of the world's third-biggest cigarette maker, said JT could generate pre-tax profits of $1bn or more in top overseas markets such as the UK and Russia, a significant increase even after the addition of Gallaher's brands.
The company partnered with Catalyst, a non-profit organisation that advocates gender equality in the workplace, and put 1,000 leaders (60 per cent male) through its Marc programme (men advocating real change). Mr Siracusa says it helps “men understand the powerful role they can play in levelling the playing field”.
Three years ago, the case for global economic integration was clear and widely accepted. Yes, globalisation was alarming — in both its pace and reach — but the only rational response was to manage it.
The common assumption has been that one-third of North Korea's annual income comes from international aid, another third from legitimate trade and the remainder from illicit activities such as arms sales, counterfeiting, and trafficking of everything from narcotics to rhinoceros horns.
Melvin became the target of retail traders who co-ordinated to drive up the share price of GameStop on online message boards such as Reddit, after the firm disclosed its bet against the company in regulatory filings.
The annual study by advisory firm KPMG and investment company H2 Ventures shows that four of the top five global innovators in financial technology now come from China, reflecting the “indisputable” growth of fintech in the country.
The chamber’s annual business confidence survey covered 541 European businesses. Of the almost 40 per cent of respondents who said they were planning to cut costs in China, two-thirds said they were contemplating employee lay-offs.
Sadly, in the US this principled argument is entwined with an almost surreal one about the deficit, which is being argued out in real time in front of an audience of bond and currency traders. In the short term, that creates the risk of a default by what are deemed to be the world’s safest securities. Even if the Treasury ducks and weaves to avoid a default, cancelling whatever payments it can, the uncertainty over exactly which of its securities could be trusted as collateral could easily prompt a Lehman-style freezing of global money markets.
business groups had questioned whether the government would go ahead with the agency after Dominic Cummings, uk prime minister boris Johnson’s chief adviser and the main architect of the project, quit the government last year after a power struggle in Downing Street.
Scuffles broke out between police and protesters, mostly young people, in the public square outside the municipal government offices in Dalian, Liaoning province.
This is a legitimate question, and an important one. But the most important question facing European monetary policy is how to fix the credit crunch in the southern half of the monetary union.
The chinese economy is on an even more unsustainable path than Germany’s was then. During the first half of 2006, it grew at an annual rate of 10.9 per cent. Exports were up by an annual rate of 25.2 per cent during the first six months. Investments in fixed assets were up 29.8 per cent. M2, a measure of money in circulation, was up by 18.4 per cent and bank loans were up by 15.2 per cent. China is currently the world’s largest holder of foreign reserves. At the end of June, it held reserves worth $941.1bn. China’s current-account surplus was 7.1&#8201 per cent of gross domestic product in 2005. In spite of the oil price rise, it will remain close to that level this year, which shows that the underlying trend is upwards.
Mr Xi’s more than three-year anti-corruption drive has decimated the management of those national SOEs, especially oil company PetroChina. Zhou Yongkang, the disgraced oil and security tsar who backed Mr Xi’s political rival Bo Xilai, had built a patronage network within the state oil and resources firms that drew on their financial and international clout.
Sina, which runs China’s largest online news portal, has unveiled aggressive expansion plans for its microblog, highlighting the importance that social networking tools are gaining in China’s internet industry.
Fortunately for YouTube, another music company came to the rescue. Warner Music, led by its young digital chief, Alex Zubillaga, swept in days before the suit was to be filed and clinched a deal with YouTube to distribute its music videos on the site in exchange for a licensing fee and a share of advertising. In so doing, Warner upstaged a rival, and appears to have given YouTube breathing room to become legitimate.
The debt buy-back, which closed in February, has upset TDC's banking syndicate – Barclays, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan and RBS – because it did not seek permission nor offer to buy debt from all the lenders on a pro-rata basis.
Hank Greenberg, the former chief executive of AIG, has accused the us government of bungling the insurer's rescue by imposing a high-interest loan and forcing the repayment of $30bn-plus to banks and partners.
“The case for policy stimulus is stronger in the united states than in Europe or Japan,” he said, endorsing the Federal Reserve's drastic interest rate cuts as well as the US decision to offer a fiscal stimulus.
Yet the Olympics has also helped focus officials' minds on the transport problems created by their enthusiastic embrace of an urban plan largely based on a governmental and commercial centre surrounded by distant commuter suburbs and towns. Beijing plans to open three new underground and urban railways ahead of the Games, giving the city a total of more than 200km of subway line. By 2015, it plans to have 561km of subway line in operation – far more than London Underground's 408km.
The dispute, which has rumbled on quietly for the past year, has recently shifted up a gear. Mr Riley has tried to revoke 32 other MG trademarks held by Nanjing Automotive Corporation, which merged with SAIC in 2007.
The deal with GlobalFoundries, which is owned by an abu dhabi sovereign wealth fund, is poised to be announced in the US early on Monday, according to a person familiar with the agreement.
But around the world, the arithmetic is against title-hogging corporate leaders. Where they exist, they are simply not being replaced. Strategy&, the consultancy, says only one in 10 companies awarded joint titles to incoming chief executives in 2014, near an all-time low. As recently as 2002, more than half of incoming chief executives in Europe and the US held both titles.
Peter Dalgliesh, manager of F&C's Pacific Assets Trust, touts rail and shipping companies on the view that the government will continue to pump money into infrastructure.
WeDoctor also said that it had completed a $500m round of fundraising with AIA, hong kong property group NWS Holdings and other investors, valuing the company at $5.5bn.
I am pretty confident about starting and buying companies  but when it comes to being a successful dad, I am much less sure of myself.
“That’s not really a Nokia,” admits a Chinese shop attendant in a mobile phone store. Speaking in broken Portuguese, he points to the Nokia brand on one of the phones. “That’s just a sticker.”
In the meantime, the PBoC’s ability to steer the dynamics of its credit impulse may mean China can recover faster from Covid-19, and suffer less economic impairment, than large parts of the west.
Shenyang &ndash  once one of China's most polluted cities &ndash  is planning a big green project as it competes with other chinese cities to fulfil Beijing's environmental targets.
Research by consultants Booz Allen Hamilton, which studied retail banks in 17 countries, found that hong kong has the best-performing banks, followed by Switzerland and then the US.
The implications are disquieting. In the Stern world, big projects to combat global warming, including nuclear, are “cheap” on a 50-year view, but only governments and their economists may think so. Thus projects such as a nuclear programme may have to be heavily subsidised. Yet taxpayers are most unlikely to take the ethical view incorporated into a very low discount rate. This uncomfortable reality was tacitly recognised by Tony Blair, the UK prime minister, when he insisted recently that nuclear power must be left to the private sector.
Emergency workers worked to regain control of the dangerously overheated nuclear complex yesterday, using all resources available to them. The concern focused in particular on overheating of the spent fuel rods.
The researchers looked beyond the people who had inactive Ashley Madison accounts. Someone else could have registered them as a joke.
The brainchild of Alibaba, Singles Day turned the anti-Valentine’s Day on November 11 into the biggest frenzy of consumption in the retail calendar. It worked: last year consumers spent $18bn, triple the $5.9bn spent on Black Friday, Cyber Monday and Thanksgiving combined in the US.
Europeans take a far more pessimistic view than Americans about the prospects for China showing global leadership in the next five years, with Germans expressing particularly strong doubts about the prospects for co-operation with Beijing, according to a survey of transatlantic opinion.
The chinese manufacturing engine contracted this month, breaking a six-month streak of gains, according to a private measure.
For a start, the us trade deficit with China is not as simple as it looks. The headline $370bn deficit in 2017 was nearer $150bn, when allowing for China’s supply chain hub status. In other words, we have to allow for goods shipped by, say, Japan and south korea to China to be finished off and then re-exported.
Research carried out this month by Harris Interactive in Germany, France, the UK, Italy and Spain found that 86 per cent believed that humans were contributing to climate change, and 45 per cent thought it would be a threat to them and their families within their lifetimes.
Still, the boy from Berkeley continues to love the entertainment industry. “It's a smaller industry than something like financial services. But it's wildly more influential in terms of affecting social thought and cultural opinion,” he says
Reading the headlines, potential business school applicants may wonder whether to make the leap at all. However, the picture may not be so grim. While belts are being tightened, no bank wants to repeat the mistakes of the recent past according to Mark Pettman, a director at Michael Page Financial Services. “In 2002,” he says, “banks let too many junior people go and struggled to replace that capacity in 2004 when the market was picking up.”
Cui Fan, an adviser to the Chinese government, told state-run xinhua news agency that ByteDance should “seriously and cautiously” decide whether to suspend its sale talks as a result of the new rules.
From my desk, I can see the south china Sea. Behind my computer screen is the lush green spine that runs along hong kong island, and to my left the glass spires that make up its skyline. For most FT journalists, this is the rarest of treats — at our London headquarters, the lucky ones might get to peer down over the car park.
Debts by public municipalities ballooned in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. Amid the pandemic, this appears to have happened again. In the first nine months of the year, fixed asset investment by companies not owned by the Chinese state was down 1.5 per cent from a year earlier. For state-owned enterprises it was up 4 per cent in the same period. China commentators have frequently warned that over investment in areas such as real estate was leading to a vast pile-up of probably bad loans.
Mr Fitzgibbon said it was impossible for the navy to compete with the salaries offered by mining companies buoyed by record demand for resources such as iron ore and coal – especially from China.
The company that practically invented smartphone software will have the first iteration of Windows 7 for mobiles ready only in the autumn. Even then it will be playing catch-up, and has already been overtaken in market share for new device sales by Android, Google’s open-source alternative. Early designs of touchscreen tablets using Windows are finally arriving, but not before Hewlett-Packard felt it necessary to buy Palm for the phone maker’s software.
mitt romney avoided taking a firm position yesterday on president barack Obama’s order to halt the deportation of children of illegal immigrants, highlighting his campaign’s dilemma – to widen its appeal to Hispanic voters while not alienating the Republican party’s conservative base, which backs harsh immigration laws.
Although the equipment is unlikely to include any huge surprises, Beijing's bombastic display of its growing military prowess serves as another reminder that the world's most populous country is seeking its place as a great nation not only in economic but also in political and military terms.
In its short life, Veloce’s gamers have won global esports championships, got to run esports for F1’s Alfa Romeo Racing and Fernando Alonso’s race team, and built partnerships with hardware companies, including Logitech and BenQ.
mr bernanke delivered a celebrated speech on the topic in November 2002, when still a governor.* He spoke quite soon after the us stock market bubble burst in 2000. Policymakers then feared the US might soon follow Japan into deflation – sustained declines in the general price level.
There is no question that remote education and training is growing quickly. Alun Cope-Morgan, president for Europe of US-based Saba describes the company's "virtual classroom technology" used by large companies including the telecoms group Ericsson.
New capital funding had been allocated to create “further isolation areas and other necessary facilities” to deal with the outbreak, he disclosed, defending his decision to forcibly quarantine people who posed a health risk to others, after assuming new legal powers.
chinese police are seeking broad increases in their mandate to use firearms while on duty, opening a national debate on gun laws in a country where civilian ownership is forbidden.
The tests in the UK mark a breakthrough for Amazon as it is allowed to fly drones outside pilots’ line of sight, a key step in testing the vehicles’ sensors. Amazon pilots will also be able to fly multiple drones at one time.
But these are short-term developments. A prolonged crisis could undermine support for market-oriented policies and generate conflict and confusion. Krisztian Szabados, head of the Political Capital Institute, a Budapest research group, worries about increased far-right activity, particularly in countries with significant gypsy minorities. “The right wing is on the rise,” he says, pointing to Jobbik, a far-right Hungarian party that won 8.5 per cent of the vote in a local election last month.
As part of a drive to break down barriers that have divided Chinese communities from their host countries in Africa, his embassy is promoting a campaign for Chinese businessmen to learn local languages. He is also in the forefront of efforts to counter the widely held impression in the west that China has little interest in human rights.
Mr Kerry was speaking on Saturday at a security conference in Munich where the need for a strong EU to deal with the refugee crisis was high on the agenda.
That’ll teach investors to follow warren buffett too blindly. Sure, the share price of BYD (Build Your Dreams), China’s second-biggest homegrown car brand by unit sales, jumped more than tenfold in the year after Mr Buffett’s investment through a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway in September 2008. Then it fell by three quarters. And now a profit warning: the company said that its first-quarter net profit could fall 95 per cent from a year earlier. That wiped another 5 per cent off the share price on Monday. poor performance in BYD’s battery segment, which makes up a 10th of sales, is partly to blame. The bad news, however, is that BYD’s car segment – which makes up half of revenue and carries gross margins one-fifth higher than its average – will do little to turn things around.
China’s economic growth probably peaked in the first quarter and is likely to slow for the remainder of the year, casting doubt on how aggressively the authorities can pursue monetary tightening.
A spokesperson for Soros declined to comment on the move. Mr Donald, who specialises in trading industrial companies and basic materials, is widely regarded as one of the leading equity traders in the UK.
Mahathir Mohamad, Malaysia’s influential former premier, said on Monday he is quitting the ruling party in protest at alleged “corruption” under the leadership of Najib Razak.
rupert murdoch has a few things in common with Warren Buffett. They are both 81, they both love newspapers and they both run public companies named after their worst investments from the past. Mr Buffett’s is Berkshire Hathaway, a New England textile company, Mr Murdoch’s is News Corp.
Chinese handset makers elbowed their way into the limelight a little over a month ago, by snatching smartphone leadership in their home market from global brands.
China has unexpectedly replaced the head of Sinopec, Asia's largest oil refiner.
On a panel at the world economic forum in Davos, the ecb president put paid to mounting speculation that the central bank would soon respond to deflationary risks by launching a policy of quantitative easing, where a central bank creates money to buy government bonds or companies’ debt.
The share and cash offer from NYSE is valued at �6 a share while that of Deutsche B?rse, which is based on a moving average of its and Euronext’s share prices, is valued at �1 to �2.
Taiwan’s leading downstream electronics companies – such as Quanta Computer（a href="http://www.quantatw.com/" target= blankhttp://www.quantatw.com/&lt /a&gt  ）, the world’s largest notebook maker, and Hon Hai, the biggest global electronics contract manufacturer – have moved almost all their manufacturing operations to China and left only research and development, small-scale top-end production, back-office and financial functions in Taiwan.
The process of bringing diversified, affordable investment products to the masses started with investment trusts, which first appeared in the UK in the 1860s and afforded “the investor of moderate means the same advantages as large capitalists”.
As the IMF was set up with the aim of dealing with balance of payments problems, increasing its firepower at a time of uncertainty would be a logical step. Doing so could also lift the morale of the markets, which would be reassured by the presence of a larger safety net for countries at risk.
China economists had already brought forward their estimates for an easing of credit restrictions in the wake of the global financial turmoil, the prospect of a us recession and slowing local exports.
A bitter dispute between a Chinese football club owner and a government-owned bank has spilled into the open in a rare public clash between the state and private sectors.
Costs began to pick up in 2005 and by early 2008 had doubled, driven by shortages of materials, equipment and staff. The average salary for a geologist with 20-24 years of experience went from $113,000 in 2005 to $167,000 last year, said the American Association of Petroleum geologists.
These are hard questions, because the internet is changing so quickly that first principles are little help. One smart response is to experiment, but such experiments can be pretty expensive if they don't work out.
Yahoo, the internet portal, is facing investor scepticism over its ability to regain its footing in an online advertising market being changed by Google and social media rivals such as MySpace and Facebook.
It is part of a broader approach to applying lessons from social psychology to management that is starting to spread bthough/b academia. Social scientists such as Ms&#8201 Kray, an associate professor at Haas since 2002, are preaching a different approach to management based on an understanding of how people behave in groups.
Under the plan, a holding company would be created to be the majority shareholder in both steelmakers.
Some schools made this leap, others did not, according to the rankings. One thing that has characterised the two lists has been the way in which some schools fare fantastically well on one of the tables and poorly in the other. Stanford, IE business school and Darden, for example, all rank in the top five in the world for open enrolment programmes this year, but on the custom table they rank numbers 33, 41 and 50 respectively.
A tenet of Islamic finance remains a bar on selling something you do not own, tearing away one of hedge funds' main tactics: shorting companies and using leverage. Shorting involves borrowing a stock that you do not own, and selling it. The hedge fund manager then hopes that the stock falls in value, buys it when it does and gives it back to the party from whom he first borrowed it. The main source of stock to borrow is large funds and, in particular, index-tracking funds. These, however, are largely absent from the Middle East.
Do you have a best friend at work? If you have never been asked, you might think it an odd question for your employer to include in an employee survey. Why do they want to know, you might wonder. What business is it of theirs?
SCE is expected to reveal a package of PSP online services in mid-March, with analysts expecting the tie-ups to involve at least one big ISP, such as Yahoo.
The company is investing Rmb1bn for a 5 per cent stake in a state-backed project to build China's first large commercial jet. Mr Xiao said he hoped participation in the project would help Chalco catch up technologically with its international rivals.
The first thing I notice about Michelle Bachelet as she enters the Manhattan restaurant Cibo is that she is wearing a shocking pink jacket. It is not a particularly elegant garment: the fabric looks cheap and the cut unfashionable – at least by New York’s strict sartorial standards. But the jaunty shade suits her, lighting up the Italian restaurant. It also seems rather appropriate for her job.
The comments from president moon Jae-in came shortly after the White House announced that Donald Trump, his US counterpart, was preparing for a second meeting with Kim Jong Un, the North Korean leader, despite poor pro­gress on denuclearisation since the landmark June meeting in Singapore.
As the Biden administration staffs up, the new us president must hope that a certain Mr Murphy doesn’t join his government. Murphy’s law, of course, is that anything that can go wrong, will. At the start of this year, the consensus among economists and investors had been that much would go right: Covid vaccinations would release pent-up demand, driving growth that should push equities higher and bond yields up. But Murphy might have something to say about that.
If you would like to understand Asia’s affinity with derivatives, especially among its army of “mom-and-pop traders”, search for “CBBC.” Top of the internet listings, even above CBeebies, the BBC children’s TV channel beloved of parents, comes the hong kong CBBC platforms of the likes of Credit Suisse and HSBC.
Zhang Xin, one of China’s most successful entrepreneurs, says that the country needs clear policy direction from the government at its annual October plenary session if it is to rebound from its recent economic slowdown.
Investors who hold Borsodchem's debt are in talks to help refinance the company and the chinese group has taken part in these discussions with the aim of emerging with an equity holding.
But the 21-year-old, who has “Love” and “Hate” tattooed under his eyes and has fiercely criticised Russia’s ruling elite, has recently secured some unexpected fans.
In recent months, the government has severely tightened visa requirements and approval processes for foreigners and launched a massive security operation in an attempt to ensure the world is greeted by a “harmonious society” at 8pm on August 8.
stock exchange rules also restrict it from issuing any significant amount of equity to a single investor without giving existing shareholders the right to participate on the new terms.
The senior partner of a law firm asks colleagues a simple question to assess the health of the organisation’s culture: “Why do you stay?”
The gradual climb towards the symbolic $100-a-barrel level is transforming the domestic economies of producer countries, allowing Opec members to go on spending sprees or launch large development projects.
deals a blow to the global ambitions of hong kong tycoon Li Ka-shing, who controls the conglomerate.
The new as-yet unnamed company will give potential investors further access to a technology drawing huge interest globally. Uber and Waymo in the US are investing heavily in the sector, while Didi is also facing competition in its home market from chinese tech giants Alibaba, Tencent and Baidu.
Many Americans' retirement savings have been severely dented by falling stock prices – a particular concern for those aged over 50, who tend to vote in large numbers.
Standing in bright sunshine outside the White House, Mr Trump on Tuesday predicted the two leaders would have “a fantastic working relationship” and had “many views that are similar”. Mr Bolsonaro, sometimes nicknamed the “Tropical Trump”, responded: “We share a great deal in common . . . I see a new chapter of co-operation.”
So there you have it. The us federal reserve sets monetary policy to fit conditions in the US economy. If decisions taken by the Fed cause collateral damage elsewhere, well, tant pis. So much for global governance.
analysts say tight government regulation of fares, sales and distribution networks, and aircraft purchasing are limiting the development of China's budget carriers, which need high passenger volumes to survive.
Like my mum, Dr Czeisler is right. Managers who don't sleep enough get manic, irrational, bad-tempered and probably make dodgy decisions. But his warning, like mum's, is decidedly unhelpful. The worst sleep-deprived managers are not the ones who fly too much, they are the ones who can get themselves into bed more or less OK, but can't take the next step from the eyes-shut position to oblivion. It is all very well saying executives should sleep more. But if you are one who cannot, where does this get you? If you phoned in sick on the days you'd had less than eight hours' sleep you'd never show up at work at all.
A group of hedge funds and private equity companies is preparing a proposal to take over large parts of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, in an attempt to end a bitter dispute with the Treasury, which has controlled the us housing finance agencies for five years.
The practical result is difference. No two casks of Scotch malt, even from a single distillery, are ever truly identical. If they were aged in new oak, by contrast, they would have a far greater homogeneity. The innocent whisky drinker is unaware of this: the blender's job (whether for blends per se or for the core expression of a distillery's malt) is to smooth away these differences. As in a Seurat painting, the individual points of colour make a harmonious whole. There is one organisation, though, dedicated to pouncing on the differences, championing them and celebrating them: the Scotch Malt Whisky Society.
The calculation of PPPs is far from an exact science. But, even with caveats, the new estimates point to a dramatically changed world: half of the twenty largest economies are now emerging markets and half are from the established rich world  Indonesia has entered the top 10 and overtaken the UK to become the 9th largest economy in the world  Nigeria – the other MINT economy – has leapt ten places in the rankings from 30th to 20th after the government rebased its measurement of GDP.
While a sustained rout would start damaging business and consumer sentiment as wealth is depressed, the S&P 500 index remains at levels seen as recently as December.
Apple’s $1bn win over Samsung in California should give inventors cautious optimism. It was an overwhelming victory in spite of a vacillating process that puts the onus on the patent’s owner to prove it has been copied, rather than the infringer to prove it has not.
The world's largest carmaker forecasts vehicle sales of about 16m in the US, the world's largest car market – roughly on a par with 2007.
A lot of the worry about SWFs is over-blown. Many have been around for a long time without prejudicing national security and hobbling capitalism. One reason for the UK's equanimity is that London has long prospered as a financial centre from being the place to which SWFs come to have funds managed. Barings' asset management arm, for example, was built in the 1970s on its link with the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency.
The incident highlights the global solar industry’s reliance on China, which produced about 67 per cent of the world’s polysilicon last year, according to Bernstein, a broker. Nine of the top 10 solar cell makers are Chinese.
Britain has offered a secret deal to Italy under which it would back Rome’s demand for punitive tariffs on cheap Chinese shoes in return for Italian support for the UK’s long-hours work culture.
China had a full-year GDP target of “around 6.5 per cent” for 2017.
A decades-long flat happiness trend could be showing that government policies in general fail  that efforts to improve the human lot through the political process over the past 50 years have proved futile. But this would be a depressing conclusion. Instead, happiness advocates make a scapegoat out of GNP and argue that economic growth is irrelevant or detrimental to happiness.
“Companies are not saying: ‘We need to hire more felons this quarter'.” For him, this [retelling of his story] is both a punishment and a way to make a living.
There are many causes, says Paul Schulte, regional strategist at Lehman Brothers in Hong Kong. China's rapid economic growth is one of them. “When economic output reaches $2,000 per head, then protein consumption doubles. There's a very dramatic increase in demand for meat, and for grain to feed cattle. This is exactly what happened in Taiwan, south korea and Japan when they were developing quickly and now it's happening before our eyes in China.”
Confronted by a financial and economic shock unmatched in the postwar era, leaders of the Group of 20 have been united in their commitment to take all necessary action to restore global growth. To date, the fiscal, monetary and financial policy response across the G20 countries has been unprecedented &ndash  amounting to the largest global stimulus the world has seen.
Despite this, mr putin is credited for implementing numerous changes that have made both foreign and domestic investors more open to do business in Russia. Ms Shaftan says: "While his methods may be clumsy, Putin's main objective is to make Russia richer and stronger. Putin's government is not driven by considerations of personal gain nor is it about to revert to the Communist era. Although his objective of strengthening the country may cause some volatility in the short term, it is supportive of the long-term case for investing in Russia."
Mr Clinton had it right in 1992. Inadequate public investment in the nation's future will condemn us to slower growth and shrinking prosperity. It is already happening.i
In the northern Japanese coastal village of Tomari it is always big news when one of the reactors at the local nuclear power station goes offline.
The ship was carrying condensate, a type of light oil. It departed from Assaluyeh, an Iranian port that serves South Pars, the world’s largest gasfield, last month. It was en route to the south korean port of Daesan.
However, some analysts believe SMIC is falling behind global leaders such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing and have forecast a dip in first-quarter revenues.
Princesses are required by law to leave the imperial family when they marry a commoner, as the popular 25-year-old Mako will do when she weds aspiring lawyer Kei Komuro, reducing the membership of the imperial family from nineteen to eighteen.
Without accusing the national security agency of being the source of the new malware, Kaspersky researchers indirectly suggested that the tools were devised by the US.
In this context, Russian efforts to reassert international status and preserve a post-imperial sphere of interest are unsurprising. Inevitably, these efforts have increased as Russia has recovered from the low point of the 1990s. Not just the &ldquo near abroad&rdquo  but much of central and western europe now fears overdependence on Russian oil and gas. When Georgia teased the bear incautiously it discovered that Moscow was once again willing and able to mount effective military operations beyond its borders.
analysts say the us investment bank's move to quit the lending syndicate suggests it has misgivings about the terms of the loan, which is supported by revenues from the mobile arm.
He added: “The evolution of the global economy of the last 10 to 20 years has resulted in dislocations for people and wealth has been transferred from higher-wage countries to lower-wage countries.”
The writer is the director of Bruegel, the Brussels-based economic think-tank
“There is the same media frenzy every time there is a recall,” says Rod Freeman, a lawyer at Lovells in the UK who specialises in product liability. “But the fact is that little has changed recently and we have been seeing the same pattern for several years.”
State capitalism is hardly a new phenomenon, but it is very much in the ascendant at the moment. Not only has the financial crisis sapped confidence in the sorts of free-market policies that Washington has promoted since the end of the cold war, but the continued rise of China with its particular blend of “market-Leninism” has given new respectability to the idea of the state taking a large, even dominant, role in the economy.
Last October I was made redundant and set up a business as a hotel agent working from home. I am finding working alone soul-destroying: some days I find it easy to &ldquo get on with it&rdquo  but on others will think of any excuse not to do so &ndash  and will suddenly experience an urgent desire to do laundry. I have no one to talk to: none of my friends are interested in business and I've bored my boyfriend with it to such an extent that he's now history. How can I manage myself better?
When I allow such thoughts to escape, I am normally asked: "What is your alternative?" One of the UK Treasury's economically literate, but non-technical, officials, the late Sir Frank Figgures, despite his name wanted not forecasts but intelligence of what was going on in key parts of the economy. In addition, contingency plans covering the worst and best that could happen have a role to play in a world where the much-desired crystal ball does not exist.
Pakistan said it has shot down two Indian air force planes and bombed several locations along the line of control dividing the disputed Kashmir region as hostilities between the nuclear-armed neighbours escalated sharply.
east asian nations are successfully shifting exports away from the US to other developing countries, Europe and oil-rich markets in the Middle East, the World Bank said yesterday.
The two banks are the first city commercial banks to go public in China, following the path blazed by the country's largest lenders, including Industrial and commercial bank of China, Bank of China and china construction Bank.
The US, Russia, and China all oppose the inclusion of binding language aimed at preventing arms from being exported to countries where they could be used to undermine human rights.
Seven years and one pandemic later, Black Lives Matter has grown into a cause that spans the globe. Does the 35-year-old activist see a connection between America’s experience of coronavirus and the scale of the protests that followed the killing of George Floyd in late May? “There was something really powerful about what the pandemic did for humanity — it created a real sensitivity to our own frailty,” she says. “It gave people an opportunity to reflect on their own vulnerabilities.”
In what might prove to be Japan's most inspired step on the road to better relations with China, Tokyo has appointed its most famous feline, Hello Kitty, 33, as its goodwill tourism ambassador to China and Hong Kong. Ambassador Kitty White's main job is to catch as many Chinese and hong kong citizens and bring them to Japan on holiday. (The government has a goal of hosting 10m foreign tourists by 2010.)
MSCI has chosen not to press ahead with a controversial plan to add mainland chinese equities to its global benchmark indices, while south korea and Taiwan will no longer be considered for a developed markets ranking.
THE WAL-MART EFFECT（采自网上多数译法）/b
FIND ANOTHER JOB brRefuse to be drawn in, and respond as follows: “Much as I think you are a splendid chap, I never comment upon my superiors as in my view it is inappropriate to do so.” Oh, and find another job, your boss sounds most unpleasant.
Some medical experts are less convinced of the value of such programmes as a suicide prevention measure. “I think treating the fundamental causes like depression and impulsive behaviour is more important and should come before such programmes,” says Chung Hong-jin, professor of neuropsychiatry at the Samsung Medical Centre in Seoul.
china investment corp manages about one-third of China’s $3.1tn in foreign exchange reserves, investing them in projects prioritised by the Communist party. British officials say they regard the BRI as a purely private-sector project. In China, however, such distinctions are much harder to make.
The QDII scheme's long-term future is further assured by the apparent cancellation of a plan announced in September last year that would have allowed Chinese individuals to invest in hong kong stocks directly without having to go through a large institution.
Both financial districts are suffering through tens of thousands of lay-offs and are wary that their cash-strapped governments will impose new taxes. initial public offerings have fallen off a cliff, and each country has suffered through a high-profile financial failure – the UK's northern rock and Bear Stearns in the US.
There are people who believe that, in future, better regulation, co-ordinated both domestically and internationally, will prevent such failures. The interests of consumers and the needs of the financial economy will be protected by such co-ordinated intervention, and there will never again be major calls on the public purse. There are also people who believe that pigs might fly. Mervyn King, governor of the Bank of England has made enemies by pointing out that they will not.
China has reintroduced a nationwide real estate sales tax in an attempt to reduce speculation and cool the bubbling property market after price rises accelerated across the country in November.
Speaking from the Group of Eight summit in Japan, prime minister manmohan singh said the withdrawal of support would not affect the stability of India's government. Mr Singh's Congress party last week secured critical support for the nuclear deal from the Samajwadi party, a regional party. New allies could help the government survive a no confidence vote and avoid early elections.
Democrats and some Republicans accused mr trump of ignoring concerns about claims of extrajudicial killings in Mr Duterte’s war on drugs. Those concerns were heightened a few days later, when Rex Tillerson, secretary of state, told US diplomats that “in some circumstances if you condition our national security efforts on someone adopting our values, we probably can’t achieve our national security goals”.
China has made big strides in cutting red tape and burdensome regulations over the past year, according to a flagship World Bank report on the ease of doing business in different countries around the world.
Our preference is for business models that benefit from the emerging market durable growth cycle and are much less exposed to the cyclical global downturn. Thus our emerging market portfolios favour infrastructure plays, banks, financial services and real estate firms.
Jack Welch of General Electric is one chief executive who spoke about the influence of the military classics on his strategy. When shutting down the company’s planning department in the early 1980s, he cited the warning of Prussian strategist Carl von Clausewitz that successful strategy could not be formulaic  as well as Field Marshal Helmuth von Moltke the Elder’s observation that no plan survives contact with the enemy. The latter presented strategy as a “system of expediencies”, and Mr Welch agreed that, instead of sticking doggedly to a complicated plan, it was better to be ready to respond to environmental changes.
And soon "we'll see all these benefits combined in a fabric that's durable and that has the touch of something you'd actually want to wear too," says Bob Kirkwood, chief technical officer of Invicta, which is launching its own contender, CoolMax Fresh FX. bThink he needs to wake up and sniff the smelly shirt? "These should be on the market by next summer," he says.
The delay proposed by the trump administration is merely a reprieve for officials in Brussels and Tokyo, as well as car industry executives who would be most affected by the action — since the threat of levies from Washington will remain on the table for most of 2019.
Today’s era is a mixture of all three of these. It is marked by a conflict of political systems and ideology between two superpowers, as in the cold war, by a post-financial crisis decline of confidence in democratic politics and market economics as well as by the rise of populism, nationalism and authoritarianism, as in the 1930s, and, most significantly, by a dramatic shift in relative economic power, with the rise of China, as with the US before 1914. For the first time since then, the US faces a power with an economic potential exceeding its own.
It comes amid a fresh deterioration of relations between Moscow and Kiev as fighting between government troops and pro-Russia separatists in the east of the country enters a bloodier phase.
Mr Medvedev, who will be sworn in as Russia's president today, will inherit a potentially poisoned chalice of increasing economic and political risks as inflation surges to as much as 14.3 per cent. Thousands of people across Russia took to the streets on May Day in rare demonstrations against rising food prices and living costs, the same day as a pre-election price freeze on basic foodstuffs expired.
The head of the Democratic National Committee has resigned after the leaking of 20,000 emails exposed rifts in the party leadership, throwing Hillary Clinton’s campaign into turmoil on the eve of this week’s convention.
The disturbances in Clacton sparked a national “moral panic”. The story led most British newspapers, and the media began monitoring young people visiting seaside resorts. Whenever any trouble happened, or didn't happen, it was reported hysterically. One Brighton newspaper called the various seaside incidents “without parallel in English history”. The forces of order cracked down on Mods and Rockers.
mainland china has about 415,000 people with $1m or more in assets in addition to their main residence, according to the latest annual World Wealth Report from merrill lynch and the consultants Capgemini. That compares with 123,000 in India, 495,000 in the UK and 3m in the US.
The fall-off has been exacerbated by severe capacity constraints and a yawning infrastructure gap, shattering expectations that China’s private jet fleet — 350 aircraft — would triple over the next five years. By contrast, more than 12,000 private jets operate in the US.
Back in economy, where most travellers will experience the A380 first, the new seats, designed of lighter, thinner materials, provide more legroom.
The prime minister confirmed at the G20 summit in Chinathat she was seeking advice on the security aspects of Beijing’s plan to invest £6bn in the Hinkley Point project.
It has also moved into the international market, buying the German business Aareal asset management in December 2006 to aid expansion. The purchase adds �bn of invested assets plus �bn of committed capital including leverage.
The long-discussed base in southern Hainan Province would offer a more efficient and economical location than China's three northern inland launch centres, an important advantage amid an aggressive expansion of the national space industry.
Samsung is one of the 70 largest companies in the world and one of the 10 largest companies in global technology. It does business in more than 100 countries. But because Samsung is based in South Korea, it is considered an “emerging market” stock by other index providers.brCompany vs sector
It was boosted in 2014, when the People’s Bank of China created a monetary policy instrument known as Pledged Supplementary Lending, which consisted of loans directly from the central bank to CDB earmarked for slum redevelopment. The turning point came in 2015. Amid a sharp downturn in the housing market that led to a glut of unsold homes, China’s cabinet allowed local governments to provide cash subsidies to residents of slum districts, rather than physical resettlement in newly built flats in the former slum.
While it might be easy to dismiss this sudden political activism as little more than a teenage fad, it does illustrate a broader trend. For better or worse, Trump’s presidency has unleashed a startling new debate in the US about the nature of government and democracy. Indeed, when future historians look back through the current cacophony, they may conclude that one of the most important things to have happened in 2016 and 2017 was that a new generation of westerners became politically aware — or, at least, less complacent.
At the top of the Bloomberg Tower in Manhattan, in a crowded room overlooking Central Park, Helena Morrissey said something she has said many times before: “We need more women in leadership roles.”
In recent weeks, for example, Top Form decided to discontinue use of a chemical solution used to remove garment stains. If a stain cannot be washed out by hand, the garment is now treated as “seconds”.
Vietnam is returning to the international bond market for the first time in almost five years.
Liu Qiangdong, the founder and chief executive of Chinese internet and ecommerce group JD.com, has been arrested after a complaint of sexual assault in the us state of Minnesota.
A spokesman for Bank of China, the largest holder of us subprime securities in Asia, yesterday said the bank would take losses on more of those holdings than it had earlier predicted but would still record year-on-year profit growth for 2007.
CDB, along with Temasek, the investment arm of the Singapore government, last month agreed to buy into Barclays Bank in the midst of the UK group's takeover bid for Dutch bank ABN Amro.
In a report on Wednesday, five Chinese non-governmental organisations said the us tech company was using suppliers with public records of environmental violations and taking “advantage of the loopholes in developing countries’ environmental management systems”.
Haruhiko Kuroda, the new governor of the Bank of Japan, has launched a monetary policy revolution. He has ended two decades of caution, during which the BoJ declared itself helpless to end deflation. prime minister shinzo Abe’s goal of a two per cent inflation target within two years is ambitious – and Mr Kuroda now has a bold policy to meet it. The question is whether the policy will work? My answer is: on its own, no. The government must follow up with radical reforms.
When it comes to migrant labour, he predicts that, if anything, governments are more likely to crack down on flows than to surrender to economic reality by embracing immigrants. “I think social values play a very important role in this. While it might seem to be economically rational, if it is considered socially unacceptable, it is simply not going to happen.”
When Solway arrived five years ago to build relationships with local art bodies, he left convinced that China wasn't ready. Today, as director of James Cohan Shanghai, Solway talks art with the neighbours and fields questions by locals intrigued by the gallery's garden, where Richard Long sculptures mingle with Chinese scholars' rocks. “I didn't invent the wheel,” he says, “but I feel my timing was right to do this.”
There are two explanations &ndash  one official, one unofficial &ndash  for Air China's decision to buy more shares in Cathay Pacific, raising its stake from 17.5 per cent to 29.99.
Our current rules are rooted in physical assets and evolved as the industry innovated. Deposit boxes were created for safekeeping coins. Lending earned returns on these deposits through pooled investments. deposit insurance was created to prevent bank runs. bank account numbers became a source of identity. This bundled offering of services required new laws and regulations to make the industry safe. As regulators codified this model, economies of scale created an oligopoly of conglomerates.
Huawei has made its first equity investment in a British technology company as the Chinese networking and telecommunications group looks to grow its operations in the UK while facing hostility in other markets around the world.
I think there is a better reason. Management is one of the most intrinsically miserable jobs there is. Managers find it hard to make the lives of their underlings any better because they are too miserable themselves.
Such differences and dangers will be the subject of a three-day, closed-door meeting between nine retired senior military commanders from the US and China that opens today on the southern chinese island of Hainan.
Some Chinese academics say the low quality of research reflects not just the growing pains of a rapidly expanding system but is a direct result of political meddling. Liu Ming, a professor at Zheijiang University, says most important decisions in universities – such as promotions, funding and publications in periodicals – are made by administrators and politicians rather than as a result of peer review. “In university circles there is common agreement that the greatest barrier to academic development is the improper interference of the government,” he says.
Indeed, there are already marked similarities with the economic transition from the 1960s to the 1970s in business. A period of rapid expansion and wealth creation in the 1960s ended with the oil shock and western property crises of the following decade, which brought stagflation and discontent.
As Republican candidates jostle ahead of the 2012 election, the question of whether America’s central bank has been debasing its currency – and how that is (or is not) linked to the value of gold – is cropping up with new force. Herman Cain, the former pizza executive who is now a popular Republican contender, hinted last month that he would like to return to a world where “a dollar is a dollar” and added that “yes, we do need a gold standard for that”. More recently, Newt Gingrich has voiced the same idea. Ron Paul, an outside Republican contender, has been lambasting the federal reserve for years over its easy money policies. He is now darkly warning of plots.
The savage murder last year of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, dismembered by Saudi Arabia’s agents in its consulate in Istanbul, surprised in the way it accelerated into the worst crisis between the kingdom and the west since September 11 2001, when 15 of the 19 hijackers who attacked the US turned out to be Saudis. It seems just as surprising that, as 2019 progresses, there is little let-up in the pressure on the Saudi leadership — in particular on mohammed bin Salman, the powerful crown prince widely blamed for ordering the assassination. If anything, it is intensifying.
A turning point came yesterday after a Bancroft family trust that holds around 9 per cent of Dow Jones's voting shares dropped its push for a higher price. Instead, the Denver Trust agreed to back the deal after receiving assurances that the family's fees would be paid as part of the deal.
“We’ve seen SMS usage fall among young people and the main driver is BlackBerry,” said Graham Brown, director at Mobile Youth.
It would be nice to imagine that eu leaders had framed a carefully calibrated response to Mr Putin’s aggression. Blending prudence with toughness, Europe is eschewing draconian sanctions now in order to de-escalate the conflict, but will step up the pressure decisively if mr putin refuses to admit Ukrainian sovereignty in Crimea. This indeed was the EU summit’s official message. Sad to say, Europe’s caution has been the handmaiden of pusillanimity rather than of diplomatic calculation  and without evidence of serious resolve mr putin has no reason to step back.
An official at the Yunnan Provincial Industry and information technology Commission confirmed that a small “stockpiling” programme, which has not been publicly announced yet, was launched in September and would continue until the end of the year. The programme targets copper, zinc, aluminium and other small metals, the official said.
Tourists across the south-eastern part of Europe have faced severe disruption to their holiday plans, with hotels evacuated in fire-stricken areas and some roads rendered too dangerous to travel.
foreign students have become invaluable to Australia because their influx has coincided with a sharp funding shortfall for universities.
Before 1961 the industry could invest almost anywhere except the soviet union and Mexico. Then it was pushed out of the Middle East and Venezuela. Investment by international companies shifted to the North Sea, north slope of Alaska and offshore. But the North Sea and Alaska are maturing even as output in key producers is declining.
The Dutch foreign minister stood down on Tuesday after admitting lying about a meeting in which he claimed president vladimir putin had laid out his aim for a “Greater Russia”.
The present danger for policymakers and opinion leaders is to confuse a straightforward economic slowdown with the saturation of wants. An economic slowdown, this year or next, would be due to now well-ventilated fears: of consumers and governments getting further into debt, and of credit risk by financial institutions. It would have almost nothing to do with a retreat from the consumer society. But it is worth examining what the latter would be like, if only to avoid misdiagnoses of our present situation.
asia pacific defied the gloom, with a 14 per cent annual rise in first quarter IPO volume to $8.9bn (excluding Japan and the China A-share market).
It would seem, then, that retail is one of the few industries in which foreigners are really welcome. Looking over this statement, it is tempting to think that there may be some flexibility over the definition of what a sector is. After all, exactly what is the shipping sector? Sadly, the answer is likely to be whatever Beijing says it is. Take no notice of the blurb about these industries being “vital arteries” for the economy or “essential to national security”. This is seen as pure protectionism, Chinese-style. As Donald Straszheim, vice chairman of Roth Capital Partners, told me: “This was China announcing, deciding: foreigners, stay out. Don't call us, we will call you.”
It has, at least, shone a spotlight on a pressing issue. The internet and the tech giants have torpedoed the economics of traditional media — by providing access to vast volumes of free content that has hit sales revenues and, thanks to their ability to attract vast numbers of users, scooping up the lion’s share of advertising revenues. The impact is especially acute on local journalism — a keystone of healthy democracies. By forcing platforms such as Google and Facebook to pay for media companies’ content on their sites, Canberra aimed to help Australian news publishers fight back.
The Suez Canal Economic Zone, launched in 2015, has plans to create an industrial and logistics hub surrounding the Suez Canal, the vital shipping route connecting the Red Sea and the Mediterranean.
A new counterweight to economic mercantilism is sorely needed. eu member states have, regrettably, been moving in a more protectionist direction in recent years. They have, for example, rewritten their laws on antidumping and antisubsidy duties, giving themselves more leeway to impose emergency blocks on imports. Germany, traditionally the swing voter in the EU, has shifted more towards the protectionist end of the spectrum, dominated by France and Italy.
The government has already refused to lift fuel prices in line with rising global costs, and has increased subsidies to some sectors for oil as part of an array of measures to restrain inflation.
The downfall of Ms Gu, a glamorous figure with a talent for music and foreign languages, has sent shockwaves through Beijing’s political elite and is the biggest twist yet in the leadership saga that has unfolded as mr bo is ousted from power.
Another group of steel companies concentrates on making specialist steel grades – a sector where competition is quite limited. In these plants very little “basic” steel, such as commodity coils and bars, is produced. An example is B?hler Uddeholm, the world's largest maker of high-grade steel used in production tooling.
Lehman's limited partner fund interests, which hold less liability, probably total no more than $1bn, one person close to the matter said.
A senior hong kong official, who asks not to be named because of the sensitivity surrounding the issue, admits that it will be very difficult to improve the “flows of information and capital” between the city and the mainland without the city losing its “uniqueness”.
EM fund managers, however, have stumbled on a potential replacement — the Ticks, with tech-heavy Taiwan and (South) Korea elbowing aside commodity-centric Brazil and Russia to join China and India.
The competition has been described as “bloody”, “rampant” and even “carnivorous”.
“We haven't got the biggest profits in the world because we're running much faster, it's because the rest of the world is running much slower,” said one ICBC source, who asked not to be named.
Europe is on the move. After years rusting in the sidings, the Franco-German locomotive has chugged back into view. angela merkel is at the controls. nicolas sarkozy can be seen beside her in the cab. These two leaders will never be soulmates, but they seem to have agreed on a destination. It’s called European economic government.
Luckin Coffee founder and chairman Charles Zhengyao Lu has been ousted by shareholders at the scandal-hit Chinese coffee chain, just days after a proposal to unseat him failed to win board approval.
Since he left the us central bank, Mr Greenspan’s remarks have become much more definitive – in contrast to his often convoluted and confusing phraseology while in office.
The departure of one of Uber’s earliest investors from its board late on Wednesday added fresh turmoil to the San Francisco-based transportation company that also lost its controversial chief executive this week.
Xiang Junbo, chairman of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission, is “suspected of severe disciplinary violations”, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, the party’s anti-corruption organ, said yesterday. The agency gave no further details.
A year ago, when the entire stock of Bitcoin was worth $150m, authorities were concerned most by the potential use of a new digital currency by drug dealers and petty criminals to hide their trades and launder profits.
Crisis and disaster are meat and drink to the cinema and were in steady supply for years after the financial meltdown. But what do moviemakers do when the news is recovery – however slow – and that is no news at all, let alone drama? It is almost nostalgic to see Woody Allen, in his new, acclaimed Blue Jasmine, release a financial fraudster into his plot, played by Alec Baldwin, like the last swallow of summer, perhaps preparing to follow his fellows to warmer climes.
Nowhere outside of silicon valley has Apple's mysterious new tablet gadget captured the imagination of investors and the media more than in Taipei. For many in Taiwan, the expected launch on Wednesday of the new device signals more than just the arrival of an exciting new digital toy – it is the pivotal moment for an entire investment thesis.
Hassan Rohani will take office next week as president of Iran. Many assert that the international sanctions regime has so damaged the Iranian economy that, rather than captain a sinking ship, Rohani will change Iran’s course. Not so fast.
In this newly grey world, rich countries are generally richest in senior citizenry — but this won’t last. In recent decades the fertility rate has typically also fallen in developing countries, and at increasingly lower per capita incomes. life expectancy has been increasing similarly.
We are living in an era of multiple crises: Covid-19  a crisis of economic disappointment  a crisis of democratic legitimacy  a crisis of the global commons  a crisis of international relations  and a crisis of global governance. We do not know how to deal with all of these. This is partly because it is hard to develop the needed ideas for reform. Yet it is far more because politics cannot deliver the necessary changes.
Liu He, China’s top economic official, is leading a delegation of officials to Washington for negotiations with Robert Lighthizer, the us trade representative, and Steven Mnuchin, the us treasury secretary, in the highest-level face-to-face meetings since early December.
The move comes as the US seeks to slow down Tehran's progress towards nuclear weapons capability and Barack Obama, US president, tries to win time for possible negotiations with Iran. It is also likely to prove a test of the administration's relationship with Beijing, which to date has been unenthusiastic about sanctions on Tehran.
We also need a new approach to risk mitigation and insurance at the level of both individual farmers and countries. Important steps are being made in this direction by aid donors with regard to catastrophe insurance and developing robust futures markets. This can greatly help assure farmers that, if they make investments, they will reap the rewards.
hong kong is the only city in the world for which Forbes calculates an independent ranking, reflecting its ability to incubate and protect great wealth. &ldquo hong kong is a very remarkable place because of its close relationship with China and long-term relationship with the west,&rdquo  said Russell Flannery, who oversees the list for Forbes.
“We are quite different from other Chinese vendors,” says Shi Lirong, ZTE chief executive. “We are more transparent and less aggressive.”
The largest laboratory company in the US has warned it will be impossible to increase coronavirus testing capacity to cope with a surge in demand during the autumn flu season, in a sign that crippling delays will continue to hamper the American response to the pandemic.
The comeback has allowed China to play a more dominant role in global trade, which also gathered pace last month. exports rose 21.1 per cent in dollar terms in November, the biggest rise since February 2018, pushing China’s trade surplus to its highest level on record.
“Cyber sovereignty” has been a buzzword among China’s political elite for more than 18 months. Now the world is finding out what it means in practice. Apple, the us tech company, was forced at the weekend to remove from its China app store popular applications that enable users to bypass the “Great Firewall of China”.
Most Chinese and foreign investment bank economists have estimated growth this year will be below 10 per cent, significantly short of the recent peak of 11.3 per cent in the second quarter of last year.
In a sign of the times, DWS Investments, the mutual fund brand of Deutsche's asset management division, will launch its Global Inflation Buster range of retail products this week in Hong Kong.
social security costs are going up by €6.6bn or 0.6 per cent of gross domestic product. Cristobal Montoro, the budget minister, attempted to put a brave face on this by calling it a “clearly social” budget. In fact the increase reflects the higher cost of the welfare state at a time of economic suffering. Indeed this increase in social spending, caused by the recession, is almost as large as the €9.7bn increase in interest spending due to the debt problem.
Yet five years later, a French bank bought a financial security that was, in effect, a bet that the Paces would default on their mortgage and be forced to leave their comfortable suburban home.
The findings of the influential group are part of wide-ranging efforts by business leaders and politicians to rein in a regulatory and legal system that is seen as stifling the US's ability to compete with financial centres such as London and Hong Kong.
If successful it would be the second recent media investment by Mr Ma’s companies, following Alibaba’s December purchase of south china Morning Post for $266m.
Nevertheless, there is still a bias against Asian-managed Asian funds. “People [in the US] are much more likely to invest in a south korean fund run out of new york than a south korean fund run out of Seoul.”
To our considerable misfortune, the pleasures of the city have been largely reduced to consumerism. We don’t much enjoy our cities because they’re not very enjoyable,” wrote Ray Oldenburg in The Great Good Place, his lament for the lack of US watering holes akin to French cafés and 18th-century English coffee houses.
The world’s largest consumer goods company by market capitalisation now expects organic sales, which exclude the negative impact of currency moves and divestitures, to increase between 2 and 3 per cent for the fiscal year to June 2017, up from an earlier forecast of 2 per cent.
“We are aware that over the past few months a Chinese entity has built up a stake of just under 1 per cent,” the UK-based company said.
Mr Webb believes one hong kong company has given itself issuance powers to threaten an activist hedge fund with dilution of its stake.
Santander's qualified dividend is taxed at 15 per cent, in contrast to bond or savings account interest, which is taxed at individual's nominal tax rate, which peaks at 35 per cent in the US. This means that for wealthy US investors, this Santander obligation was offering a pre-tax yield equivalent to an 11.64 per cent bond.
Small and medium-sized us companies suffered a complete wipeout in profits in the second quarter because of the Covid-19 crisis, in sharp contrast to large multinationals that emerged from the most intense phase of the pandemic in better shape.
The writer is author of several books about Afghanistan, Pakistan and central Asia, including ‘Pakistan on the Brink’
Of course, it is important to keep matters in perspective. On the back of the Bank of Japan’s monetary revolution, Japanese equities have surged by around 70 per cent during the past six months. The correction is trivial in comparison. What is extraordinary, however, is that Mr Bernanke’s statements were not particularly hawkish. The Fed is not promising to end QE soon – just slow it down. Even this adjustment in pace will not occur until the US labour market is stronger.
It helps to explain why Ireland’s 10-year bond yield has contracted sharply this year – by about 130 basis points  Spain’s has gone in the opposite direction.
John Krafcik, acting chief executive of Hyundai Motor America, said in an interview that the solid performance reflected a strategy “to be big, go big and to be seen in big places”.
"Taiwan is very different from other markets in the region," says Jean-Louis Tourne, managing director of bnp paribas wealth management Taiwan. "Customers are very sophisticated. They have quite a strong risk appetite, a clear preference for mutual funds over direct brokerage and a similar preference for stocks over bonds."
Amy Chua: China and the U.S. just represent completely different models. Perhaps the main difference is that America's political identity is ethnically and religiously neutral, whereas China remains (despite official rhetoric) a quintessentially ethnically defined nation. As a result, America is the class immigration society: people can become Americans without giving up their ethnicity, religion, and so forth.
Legislators on the economics committee yesterday passed a motion calling on the government to give regular reports on the company.
In Japan and South Korea, research has been concentrated in big companies with the resources to take chances, such as Sony or Samsung. But in China the large companies are mostly state-owned and run by executives allergic to taking big risks. “One of the keys will be the financial system,” says Andy Rothman, an economist at CLSA who prepared its report on China's science drive. “The question is, can it become a genuine system that allocates funds to private sector companies to fund their own research?”
As “heritage” continues to obsess the industry, the fashion archive is becoming highly prized. Brands are pouring resources into building museums in which to house their collections, while canny young designers are buying back garments from clients, or bidding against collectors and museums to retrieve rare vintage pieces with which to build their own.
chinese regulators stopped approving commercial licenses for games in late March of this year, as part of a government shake-up that folded the country’s top media regulator into the ruling Communist party’s propaganda department.
Many parents of teenagers are used to berating their children for spending too much time on the internet, and for revealing too much about themselves on publicly available social networking sites such as MySpace.com.
What is not natural is China’s bad track record on debt: according to the Bank of International Settlements, every measure of debt — consumer, government and corporate — has risen as a share of GDP for the past decade. China went from a low-leverage country in 2007 to having a worse debt position than the US in 2017, despite the fact that the US itself has borrowed heavily.
mr paulson and other top US officials, including president george W. Bush, have become increasingly vocal on the dollar in recent days in an apparent effort to signal that they are not indifferent to its fate.
Most notably, if you look at how finance has evolved, there are at least five features that seem distinctly counter-intuitive — even odd — in light of the narrative of those panic-stricken days after Lehman Brothers collapsed.
Mr Che “kept saying, ‘I’ve been a good son and the father is good. Now the father is divorcing me and the stepfather is coming in’,” Mr Kanwar testified last week, still plainly puzzled by the May 15 meeting in Beijing.
The US, meanwhile, may be able to cope with a fall in the dollar. Its debts are denominated in its own currency, and while rising import prices could push up inflation, foreign firms tend to price to keep their share of the US market. But if the dollar falls further, the economy will have to rebalance towards exports and away from consumption. That is a necessary process. But the worry is whether America's exporters, battered by years of foreign competition, would be able to do so quickly. If they cannot, the US could suffer a recession while it adjusts. That really would have people reaching for the drink
There is one study, by economists Henry Saffer and Karine Lamiraud, that might throw some light on your question. They looked at what happened when France reduced the working week from 39 hours to 35. The law came into force in 2000 for companies with more than 20 employees, and in 2002 for smaller businesses and for the civil service, creating a natural experiment for the researchers to study.
Ed Miliband, the UK secretary of state for energy and climate change, blamed it for blocking several of the main potential agreements, while us officials fumed at some of the tactics of the delegation, including one official who was involved in a finger-pointing exchange with president barack Obama.
While the money would normally be returned to national governments, Ms Fischer Boel and Louis Michel, the development commissioner, say it is vital for the EU to play its part in helping those in danger of starvation because of food price rises.
The Max has been grounded since March after two crashes that killed 346 people. Boeing’s hopes of when it might return to service have been repeatedly pushed back as the us federal aviation administration and regulators from Europe to China raise fresh questions about its proposed fixes.
Wine is a particularly sensitive barometer of climate change. While drought has become such a problem in Australia that the authorities have been threatening to turn off the irrigation water in some of that country's most important bulk wine-producing regions, some of the more obvious beneficiaries of global warming today are wine producers in such relatively cool countries as Canada, Germany, Belgium, Denmark – and England.
“Citi needed a good story on why this deal made sense for China,” says the head of the hong kong office of one leading private equity firm and a former investment banker with intimate knowledge of China. “The story is very important for the Chinese government.” That wisdom is echoed by others. “It is important that there be a story,” says one person familiar with the thinking at the Kuwait Investment Authority. “It shouldn't be just that it is cheap.”
So difficult a frontier is the chinese market for India’s pioneering outsourcing groups that their leaders would sooner talk about the potential of latin america than the world’s fastest growing large economy.
There has been only modest growth in wages since the downturn began, with unit labour costs falling 2.5 per cent during the third quarter of the year. In the severe downturns of 1973-75 and 1981-82 pay grew steadily, despite plunging output. Inflation was much higher in those periods, so firms found it more difficult to restrain costs.
North Korea’s attack on a south korean island is forcing Seoul into an agonising debate on how many violent provocations it can tolerate before it has to retaliate.
That said, the institutional trappings for the EU-Chinese relationship seem set a rung or two lower than those for China and the US.
But concerns that a relatively light regulatory burden was getting heavier were offset by the flexibility and quality of staff in London as well as by a view that regulation was more of a problem elsewhere in the European Union.
Power Assets, which is an affiliate of Mr Li’s broader Cheung Kong empire, will use the funds raised to pursue further global deals, according to company statements. It has distribution and generation businesses in the UK, Australia, China, New Zealand, Canada, Thailand and the Netherlands.
The White House and Department of Commerce took dual actions on Wednesday that will effectively ban Huawei from selling technology into the American market, and could also prevent it from buying semiconductors from Qualcomm in the US that are crucial for its production.
Xu Hong, head of the lead acid storage battery branch of the China Electrical Equipment Industry Association, told the financial times most battery plants in Zhejiang, Guangdong, Fujian, Henan and Sichuan had been closed down following a central government order to root out heavy metal pollution problems in the sector. She expects prices of lead acid storage batteries – rechargeable units used in a broad range of products including mobile phones, electric bikes and cars – to soar if the closures last three months or longer.
In the same breath, as it were, that he announces a deficit of $1,750bn (&#8364 1,380bn, &pound 1,226bn) this year, he requests a 10-year $635bn down payment toward the cost of that reform. mr obama knows that the president who gives the US universal healthcare is assured of his place in history alongside FDR. He means to do it.
Underwriters for the offer are trying to overcome the different rules in the mainland and hong kong for earnings and share price forecasts during the flotation process.
And on Thursday, Mario Draghi, european central bank president, signalled that he stood ready to take more aggressive action to save the euro. But he has set a prerequisite – and meeting it is not a given. Eurozone states must do their part by agreeing a new fiscal compact, setting once and for all common rules to restore market confidence in the stability and future of the currency area.
The comments threaten further strains in relations between the two countries, which deteriorated last month after Canberra proposed new laws designed to tackle growing espionage threats and foreign interference in domestic politics.
Pyongyang and Seoul are moving towards their first official talks for more than two years, raising hopes of a rapprochement on the korean peninsula after a spike in tensions in the spring.
Yet despite numerous intiatives, the numbers continue to fall. With girls now frequently outperforming boys in school examinations around the world, young women are choosing professions such as law, medicine and accountancy. But they are staying away from IT.
This regeneration of the centre of the chinese capital reflects the position of president xi Jinping, who was last year given the title of “Core Leader” by the communist party and whose ideology — “Xi Jinping thought” — was enshrined in the constitution at the 19th party congress last month. Slogans around the city exhort the people to “reflect on the core idea”. Zhongnanhai, where key government ministers live alongside the Forbidden City, has greatly expanded south to the area directly behind the Great
Barack Obama's plan to give the federal reserve extensive powers over all large US financial groups will be attacked on Wednesday by a coalition of investors, analysts and ex-regulators who say the Fed's credibility has been &ldquo tarnished&rdquo  by its role in contributing to the crisis.
The Communist party, in power since 1949, has few set rules for determining its top leadership, relying instead on precedent, personal loyalties and an elaborate, multi-generational game of strategy. Those rules are back in play as president and party chief xi jinping tries to rearrange the chess board to cement his own influence ahead of a second term that starts next year.
rupert murdoch was wrong. The Australian media tycoon once deemed satellite TV to be an “unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere”.
German officials said they were surprised how directly mr wen had addressed the issue. The premier told journalists he had read the article.
Pyongyang has reason to worry. The Bank of Korea in Seoul estimates that North Korea's GDP contracted last year for the first time in eight years, the 1.1 per cent decline due to worsening international relations because of the nuclear stand-off and to its lack of resources.
Japan's three largest banks had total capital ratios in excess of 10 per cent as of March 2008 while Japanese household assets total $15,400bn, making it the world's biggest pool of liquidity. Meanwhile, Japan's post office savings bank, privatised last year, holds almost $1,500bn of deposits, making it one of the world's largest single sources of cash. By contrast, the world's sovereign wealth funds together command less than $3,000bn under management.
“What colour do you like?”
At the same time, Fed officials stressed that policy is not on a “preset course”, and in an important shift, policymakers said they are preparing to withdraw their longstanding guidance telling markets to expect further gradual tightening. Instead, they want to move to a more flexible approach and react nimbly to incoming economic data.
“China and the united states are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favour of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries,” mr trump tweeted on Sunday. “But be cool, it will all work out!”
Niche fragrance brand Parfumerie Générale named one of its blends “Querelle” after the 1947 Jean Genet book Querelle De Brest and the result is a spicy, resinous chypre with tonka, cumin, myrrh and amber (£117.50 for 100ml, www.lessenteurs.com).
But in the past few months, diplomats and analysts have realised the relationship may be more balanced than once thought.
Real and unreal collide frequently in Chinese markets. On Monday, shares in Hong Kong-listed Chinese department store and mall operator Intime Retail rose as much as one quarter when it said that Daniel Zhang, the new chief executive of Alibaba, will become its chairman. The stock closed up a fifth, taking the total return since March to over 260 per cent. Unreal.
Yet reforms being pushed by president donald trump and contained in a bill now working its way through Congress would, if enacted, expand its workload from a few hundred transactions a year to potentially thousands.
Despite the latest growth, the industry still manages only 26 per cent of the wealth of Britain's richest people. ComPeer said much of the rest would be in property, cash or looked after by wealthy people themselves. This left plenty of room for expansion by the sector.
When she was told of her father's murder she responded with the unemotional pragmatism that is her trademark as much as it was his. "I was awoken in the middle of the night by my father's chief of staff. My first thought was, 'How could this happen?' but my first question was 'Is the border secure?'" says Park in her soft voice. The South had long been concerned about communist north korea taking advantage of moments of chaos. "I think this was part of my life - always being aware of national security - so it was a natural response," she says.
Which is why, when I arrive at Modelo Lounge, a slightly desolate café near the seafront in nearby Hove, I am feeling pretty well briefed. Not only do I know quite a lot about Zoella herself – online big sister, agony aunt, ultimate style guru and key to the hearts and minds of millions of avid, not yet cynical, young shoppers, I am also tolerably well informed about Alfie Deyes, PewDiePie, Tanya Burr and the rest of the YouTube vlogging (video blogging) “Brit crew”.
The World Health Organisation's Global Tuberculosis Control report for 2007 showed the total number of infections rose slightly in 2005 over 2004 – the latest data available – although the incidence rate fell because it was outstripped by population growth.
Naturally, there are calls for the CPSC, a regulatory minnow compared with bodies such as the Food and Drug Administration, to be better funded and equipped. Those with hammers tend to see nails and the Senate appropriations committee was keen to do some appropriating last week after it grilled Mr Eckert and others. There was talk of paying for additional inspectors both to test toys in laboratories and to examine them as they arrive at US docks.
Bankers and lawyers give differing reasons to explain the apparent rise in deception. The surging global affluence that stems from vibrant economic growth has pushed vast amounts of money into the private banking pool. UBS alone received SFr113bn in net new money in its worldwide wealth management network in 2006 - more than the entire balance sheets of many individual banks.
Political upheaval in Iran will hamper the country's beleaguered oil and gas industries, energy experts say, and encourage Tehran to look to China for investment.
Despite the buying spree, foreigners still only held Rmb921bn of Chinese bonds in October, according to data from the Chinese Academy of social sciences and Citi, as the chart below shows.
iliYour name means ‘Thor's eagle mindgame son of day' in English, what does it mean exactly, and do you find any resemblance in your personality?/li
Goldman Sachs insisted yesterday that it was not interested in pairing with a commercial bank as it reported a 70 per cent fall in third-quarter profits, the biggest quarterly earnings drop since it went public in 1999.
Tony Tan, executive director of GIC, which has estimated assets of more than $300bn, told a global staff conference: “We could be facing a recession which is longer, deeper and wider than any recession that we have encountered in the last 30 years.”
Audi said it would begin production in 2013 at a new 100-hectare plant in the southern city of Foshan, which will manufacture up to 200,000 vehicles per year.
Rio has a market capitalisation of about $140bn, with 77 per cent of its shares listed in London and the remainder in Sydney.
The King Abdullah University of Science & Technology will not open until 2009 but it is already holding talks on its endowment with fund managers such as BlackRock and private equity firms including Bain Capital, people familiar with the matter say.
The two companies make a clear business case for the joint venture. Their Pilbara operations duplicate so much infrastructure and staffing that claims for $10bn of savings in net present value look both plausible and deeply attractive.
The drugs could offer protection against obesity and metabolic disorders, in addition to helping counter the effects of muscle-wasting diseases such as muscular dystrophy.
Although flows from overseas workers help boost household incomes and keep families out of poverty, most of the money goes on consumption, leaving precious little for savings and investments. Not that this is so irrational: if a country's underlying economy is a failure, such investments are unlikely to pay off.
Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, turned the tables on her international critics yesterday by accusing the US and other governments of making “cheap money” a central tool of their economic management, thus planting the seeds of a similar crisis in five years.
Liquefied natural gas, or LNG, made by supercooling gas into liquid form to shrink its volume and make it easier to transport, has traditionally been a niche product.
Tom Cooper, European head of M&A at UBS said corporate buyers should be best placed to benefit from this correction. “There could be a window of opportunity for investment grade buyers in particular. Unlike private equity, strategic buyers can bridge funding gaps with their own paper,” he said.
Marissa Mayer, Yahoo’s new chief executive, has caused consternation by insisting that employees who have worked from home must in future come to the office. Her critics have pointed out that home workers are as productive, if not more so, as those in cubicles.
Switzerland's Federal Banking Commission sent a letter to the banks last Friday outlining plans to make them hold higher reserves to cushion against potential losses. It is now holding a two-month consultation over the plans to reduce the risk to the broader Swiss economy from volatility in the banks' earnings.
Mr Gore launched a href="http://www.current.tv/" target= blankCurrent TV/a, the US channel made of clips created by viewers and producers, in August last year, and said that the channel was “democratising television.”
I am the least influential person I know. Less so than all of my colleagues, friends and acquaintances. Less so even than my children.
A house provides space and shelter and, in the American mid-west, these are the principal attributes of a house. There is more land there than anyone could build on and usually not much to choose between the prestige or convenience of different areas of the spacious cities. house prices are low, stable and tend to move in line with incomes.
Liu Qiangdong, founder and chief executive of chinese ecommerce group JD.com, has returned to his home country on Monday, after spending one night in custody following an allegation of sexual assault in the us state of Minnesota.
It places him in a more awkward spot than Robert Rubin or Steve Friedman, who ran Goldman and went on to become treasury secretary and director of the White House Economic Council respectively  or Jon Corzine, the former Goldman head who is New Jersey governor, or Mario Draghi, a former Goldman partner who runs the Bank of Italy.
The BoJ said that it would increase its annual purchasing pace of exchange traded funds (ETFs) from the previous level of ¥6tn ($56bn) per year to ¥12tn. The market had expected an increase of just ¥3tn.
On the other hand, interest rates are mostly low, president donald trump is offering fiscal stimulus in the US, the eurozone is more dynamic than it has been in many years and earlier fears regarding a Chinese economic meltdown now look absurd.
Yet the film has broken all-time box-office records since its release in China in April, taking in almost $390m, underpinned by preferential distribution by state monopoly China Film Group, which put up a reported 10 per cent of the funding for the film.
“China has the right to establish ADIZs,” said Ouyang Yujing, director of boundaries and oceanic affairs for the foreign ministry, in an interview published in a Chinese newspaper.
People close to the situation said the Fed had taken a tough line on JPMorgan and Amex because they were the only institutions that had passed the recent &ldquo stress tests&rdquo  but had not yet raised equity.
The deal is expected to be the first of many on the mainland for Blackstone, as it seeks to catch up with rivals such as Carlyle Group, which has been investing in China since the 1990s.
Crown Wine Cellars, which stores valuable wines for more than 1,000 clients in a former British army munitions depot at Shouson Hill, says the city's collections are coming back home.
They worry — justifiably — that bosses or potential employers may see their experience (and the years that come with it) as a liability rather than an asset.
Profits for PetroChina, China's biggest oil and gas producer, declined in the second half of last year because of refining losses resulting from Beijing's price caps on retail fuel prices.
chinese banks have reported only the smallest of increases in loan defaults, but signs of trouble are starting to bubble up from beneath the placid surface of their public disclosures – prompting a warning from a top rating agency.
Barack Obama’s presidential memoir can be split into two narrative styles. The first chronicles his almost cinematic life story up to his January 2009 inauguration. The rest is devoted to the first two and a half years of his presidency. Though they are in the same memoir they read at times like different books.
Some asian economies cannot lay the blame for the crisis on western countries. Step forward India. In recent weeks, Tata, the acceptable face of Indian capitalism, decided to end production of its new Nano marque in West Bengal after bitter disputes with local landowners.
Isaacson’s biography itself spawned Ten Leadership Tips from steve jobs (Forbes), Six Management Lessons (Globe and Mail) and 14 Real Leadership Lessons, drawn up by the biographer, who tried to reclaim the genre with a 2012 piece for Harvard Business Review.
“The rise in unemployment we are seeing is probably being seen in low-paid service sector jobs,” Mr Price said.
The 10-year us treasury yield hit a record low and stocks tumbled after an emergency rate reduction by the federal reserve failed to ease fears that the spread of the coronavirus would push the economy into a recession.
When the presidents of China and Taiwan hold an unprecedented summit in Singapore on Saturday, neither will need reminding of the risks involved.
Flanked by his top national security advisers, mr trump said on Wednesday at the White House there had been no American or Iraqi casualties after Iran fired more than a dozen ballistic missiles at two bases in Iraq on Tuesday night and that the attack had resulted in only “minimal damage”.
“America stands in firm opposition to China's detention of political dissidents, human rights advocates and religious activities,” mr bush was to say, according to an advance transcript.
China has ended more than a century of south african dominance of the gold mining industry to become the world’s biggest gold producer.
Many of these investment failures, including an excessive reliance on rating agencies (see above left), have a common feature in their unquestioning acceptance of models or methodologies. This “black box” approach to investing has been encouraged by the increasing complexity and opacity of a financial world where many assets have migrated to a shadow banking system that spawned structured products such as collateralised debt obligations, or to less regulated hedge funds.
“I said to Nick, I'd talked to Jerry Corrigan. This thing was going to implode. Tokyo was going to open, and we weren't going to buy back our paper. It was over. Hour after hour, from ten o'clock, I kept telling the consequences of all these things, and it didn't mean anything to him.”
On Monday, the ministry reported cases in the southwestern province of Yunnan with 1,157 hogs culled at two farms and Zhejiang, near Shanghai, where 2,280 hogs were culled.
This was dangerous because the interest rate spread could be wiped out in short order by volatile currency movements. Yet because volatility remained low for so long, disaster myopia prevailed. Carry traders were lulled into a false sense of security, while more sceptical competitors joined in for fear of underperforming.
An economy growing at a blistering rate and transforming the way many industries function, but a country whose government is often opaque and where doing business can be a battle: China, it would seem, is made for management consultants.
The international financial system also needs repairing but there are grounds for optimism. Europe has realised that it needs to complement the euro with a government safety net for interbank credit. And the international monetary fund is finding a new mission in protecting countries at the periphery from the storm at the centre.
Billions of dollars in damage has been wreaked by freak weather across Europe in the past week.
Sceptics asked how a company that last year produced 2.9m barrels-of-oil-equivalent per day, and is heavily focused on its domestic market, could possibly measure up to the world's biggest private sector oil company, producing 4.2m boe/d, which is universally admired for its operational excellence.
About two-thirds of the British diplomats expelled by Moscow after the alleged Russian attack in Salisbury this year were Russian speakers. Only 30 per cent of UK diplomats who need Arabic for their jobs can manage in the language, although the number was 49 per cent as recently as December last year. The reason for the fall is that Arabic-speaking diplomats had been rotated to other posts.
“It's possible that at this time there are elements, perhaps in the administration who are harking back to the pre-2000 era.”
Danone yesterday tried to shrug off the seizure of 118,000 litres of Evian mineral water by Chinese customs officials who said that they contained an unacceptable level of bacteria.
The new york tycoon won a strong victory in Mississippi, with 47 per cent of the vote after 97 per cent of the ballots had been counted. Ted Cruz, the Texas senator, had 36 per cent, while Marco Rubio — who was heading for a disastrous night — and John Kasich were far behind.
In a deal structured in a similar way to a leveraged buy-out, privately owned Mars will provide $11bn in equity, with mr buffett providing $4.4bn in subordinated debt. Goldman Sachs, which advised Wrigley, is supplying $5.7bn in senior debt.
The announcement of tariffs ranging from 15 per cent to 25 per cent came as the future of the Nafta trade agreement came under fresh attack from the White House.
China has banned exports of items with potential military applications to North Korea, suggesting Beijing is frustrated with Pyongyang over its nuclear programme.
When donald trump was elected US president, Deniz Ergürel was nervous.
BP will take nearly 20 per cent of Rosneft, making it the second largest shareholder in the national energy champion after the Russian state and giving it two seats on the company’s board. It could also help to ensure BP’s future in Russia for decades to come, potentially giving the UK group access to some of the world’s largest untapped oil and gas resources. In a statement, Rosneft chief executive Igor Sechin said his company would “benefit from BP’s experience and . . . record of implementing best international practices in Russia”.
The Fed will look for signs that its moves have stopped the contagion. Officials are not expecting any quick recovery in credit market conditions, or in broad market confidence.
Trade volumes — the actual quantity of goods shipped — rose just 3.9 per cent on a year ago even though the yen has depreciated from Y80 to Y120 against the dollar over the past couple of years.
chinese oil companies are among Iran’s biggest customers and China’s foreign ministry lodged a formal protest with the US over the decision, according to the ministry spokesman Geng Shuang on Tuesday.
France was the most vaccine-sceptical of 140 countries surveyed by the Wellcome Trust in 2018. But “vaccine hesitancy” has been growing across the developed world. The proportion of self-avowed Covid-19 vaccine refuseniks in the US is similar to France. (People in poorer countries, who have often seen loved ones die of infectious disease, tend to wish for more access to vaccines.)
Yesterday's release of January trade figures came after the weekend meeting in Germany of G7 finance ministers and representatives from China, which led to further calls for Beijing to allow greater flexibility in its currency, the renminbi.
Before a record crowd of 35,000 faithful shareholders who lined up at dawn on Saturday and packed the city's Qwest Center, the &ldquo Sage of Omaha&rdquo  said most of his businesses had been hit by consumers cutting back on retail spending and building.
The fund, based in Shanghai and Hong Kong, is seeking a further $300m, according to potential investors briefed about its plans. Mr Tang declined to comment.
Vietnam's cities are the obvious places to start, but only about half of Hanoi's residents and fewer than a third of those living in ho chi minh city have bank accounts. That means newcomers cannot afford to ignore the rural countryside where three-quarters of the population reside. Building a profitable customer base in provincial towns and villages - markets western banks have found difficult to crack in other emerging economies - will prove to be an even bigger challenge.
The US has labelled Huawei a national security threat with close links to the chinese military and has sought to stop the company from building 5G networks around the world.
Beijing's plan, shown to the financial times by a city official, appears more focused on challenging Shanghai. Huo Xuewen, director of the Beijing Municipal Financial Service Office, said the capital's advantage lay in its place as home to financial regulators and the large majority of offshore-listed Chinese companies.
net income for the three months ended December 31 rose to $57.7m from $47m a year earlier, the company said. sales rose to $4bn from $3.98bn.
Britain has already been sidelined in Brussels. Understandably, the first priority of the other 27 EU nations is to preserve the integrity of the union and avoid further fragmentation. As Whitehall contemplates the huge task of negotiating dozens of bilateral trade deals, leaders in capitals across the world are wondering whether departure from the EU marks a general retreat from international influence.
The deal was regarded as exotic at the time, but now the IP Group has struck similar deals giving them exclusive access to IP at seven other institutions and has a pipeline of licensing deals and spin-out companies.
Second, the US mission in Afghanistan is immeasurably more difficult without Pakistan’s co-operation in taking on terrorists that operate across the Afghan-Pakistani border at will. That is why enhanced co-operation between Afghanistan and Pakistan is essential. Likewise, the strategic imperative for improved relations between the US and Pakistan is clear — for the safety of American troops and the success of their mission in Afghanistan, for the stability of the region and for the national security of both Pakistan and the US.
“The aim is to curb excessive growth of exports, rationalise export structure, ease trade friction and slow down sales of products that consume a lot of energy,” the ministry said.
The international prestige of Britain's top university degrees was underlined yesterday by figures showing a sharp rise in the number of foreigners applying for the elite group of undergraduate courses that have mid-October deadlines.
Lord Palmerston, twice prime minister of Britain, once said that a nation has no eternal allies, only eternal interests. His words ring as true today as they did 175 years ago. Suggestions that the US has been bugging offices of the EU and other western allies should shock no one. Countries have been spying on friends for millennia.
Flights had arrived from Bahrain, Boston and Sydney before 6am hong kong time, according to the airport’s website. However, hong kong airline Cathay Pacific’s website showed around 80 cancellations for flights to destinations in Asia for Tuesday and warned passengers to check before travelling to the airport.
Singapore's economy might contract by up to 8 per cent this year because of its exposure to the global economy, he added. But mr lee said Singapore was likely to become one of the first economies to recover when the global economy bounces back.
The Baltic Dry index, a measure of shipping costs for commodities, suffered its biggest drop on record on Friday, falling 11 per cent to 2,2211.
In recent years, defence officials and experts across the globe have assumed that a number of advanced military powers – most notably the US, Israel, Russia, China and the UK – have developed the ability to destroy or sabotage other nations’ internet infrastructure as part of military planning and covert operations.
Portugal, Spain, Greece and Ireland together represent only 15 per cent of the eurozone economy  Germany accounts for 25 per cent alone. But 15 per cent is not negligible. As deutsche bank notes, pre-2008 growth in periphery countries was faster than in the core economies. It predicts that, without that boost from the periphery, eurozone growth will converge to the pace of Germany, France and Italy – about 1.5 per cent yearly. Even that may be optimistic if Germany cannot expand domestic demand. Angela Merkel, the chancellor, has imposed reform on her southern neighbours  can she do so on her fellow Germans?
Whether they are a gamble, an insurance policy or a money-spinner, guarantees are becoming popular. “The trend line is certainly up,” says Zuckerman. Figures bear this out: on September 30 last year – just before the hugely lucrative autumn sales – Sotheby's had made guarantees to pay consignors a total of $172.6m for art in subsequent auctions. That compares with $33.7m for the same time in 2003 and $25.4m in 2001.
The nature of this adjustment has implications for future policy. First, since we cannot rely on the housing slump to reduce the current account without limit, it is important to continue with the three-pronged strategy, which would be good economics even if there were no current account deficits. Second, the decrease in the current account deficit in the US means that other countries will be exporting less and importing more from the US. Unless other components of demand in these countries increase, there will be negative spillovers on the world economy. Given the continued importance of productivity-raising investment, it is important for the US's trading partners to encourage more investment in their own countries. Improving the investment climate – especially in emerging market countries where investment is low – is more important than ever. Countries with extraordinary rates of saving would do well to look more favourably on consumption.
So which picture is accurate? Both. The economy is shrinking. Poverty is on the rise. Without deep, wide-ranging reforms — which few expect on Vladimir Putin’s watch — its prospects are bleak. The president could legally remain in the Kremlin for many years to come, presiding over stagnation at home and, by way of compensation, a confrontational posture abroad.
HNA Group, the heavily leveraged Chinese conglomerate, has turned to private equity company Pacific Alliance Group for finance amid pressure to raise cash and cut its debt.
Finally a trade deal — and with a whole week to spare. Only with the published text of the deal between the UK and EU will a full sense of who has given ground and where emerge. But after four and half years of chaos, trauma and often humiliating political turmoil, the UK finally has a settled idea of what Brexit looks like.
“Trade war is often presented as a war between countries. It is not: it is a conflict mainly between bankers and owners of financial assets on one side and ordinary households on the other — between the very rich and everyone else.”
R&D spending had increased annually by 19 per cent since 1995, and for the past five years China had ranked second, behind the US and ahead of Japan, in its number of researchers.
Since being brought in as chief executive a year ago to revitalise Yahoo, Carol Bartz has made the websites more inclusive, allowing users to incorporate content from outside providers, and spread the word via a $100m campaign with taglines such as: &ldquo The internet is under new management: Yours&rdquo .
berkshire hathaway increased its cash pile to a record $128bn in the third quarter, as warren buffett struggled to find large acquisitions to boost Berkshire’s returns.
"This may become a threat to national economic -security and particularly industrial security," it says, without citing any specific examples.
The trial revealed new details on how and why the former executive engaged in a scheme to steal millions of dollars – of which he received $3.5m (&pound 1.7m, &#8364 2.5m) from the newspaper company he created  the arrogance with which he sought to hide his crimes from the company's investors  and the final betrayal by his long-time friend and business partner, David Radler, that sealed his fate.
The IMF warned the turmoil in global credit markets was likely to be “protracted”, putting a brake on five record years of global growth. But it said governments should be mindful of the costs as well as the benefits of new rules governing markets.
For a start, there would be no domino effect of forced selling in one market pulling down others. Given the wall of capital controls that Beijing maintains for its currency, the mainland stock market is a parallel universe, detached in any real sense from other markets, with little money coming in to the country to invest in shares and little going out. foreign investors have only a very modest exposure to mainland equities. Indeed, capital controls explain why share prices in Shanghai are so high: people have few other places to put their money.
Among the top 10, only strongbChina Railway Group,/strong the construction group and Country Garden, a chinese property developer, have stayed above IPO prices, according to Dealogic.
Huawei denies the US claim that it helps China conduct cyber espionage.
All this has not been lost on the equity markets. The yield on European non-financial stocks, according to Citigroup, is now higher than that on a basket of European sovereign bonds. This is unprecedented, at least in the 45 years Citi has looked at the data.
Leave voters did not seem to take this unprecedented warning very seriously  nor were they moved when nearly 200 economists signed a letter to the Times  nor were they dissuaded when three of the country’s leading economic institutes issued a sober analysis in a joint statement. All these were independent views, separated from the sometimes-political world of the international monetary fund or the Treasury. Yet they were ignored.
Beijing is poised to pump extra cash into China’s financial system on Monday, as part of a package of emergency measures to shield the economy from the effects of the deadly coronavirus outbreak.
More than a dozen high-rise buildings are scheduled to go up over the next few years in the Marunouchi and Otemachi business districts that fan out on either side of the city's landmark Tokyo Station.
Asked if Huawei could increase its market share of fixed line and mobile infrastructure deals, mr xu said: “We will continue to grow sustainably and steadily.”
According to Iwersen, times are changing. No longer is your average person willing to shuffle off this mortal coil with a nondescript outfit, generic flowers and hastily designed order of service. Iwersen and her three co-founders want to help people find a different way to do things — while tapping into a hidebound $16bn industry.
Lawyers, lobbyists and others familiar with Cfius say early errors by Bain contributed to its failure to win approval.
China’s growth rate slowed again in the second quarter of the year because of weaker export markets and restrictions on lending, although the economy is still expanding at more than 10 per cent a year despite a global slowdown.
The european union made a rare appearance on Asia’s front pages this week, grabbing the headlines with its €750bn bail-out fund for Greece and other debt burdened eurozone countries.
Alan Greenspan was surprised by the strength of the housing boom in 2002 and told colleagues that it could not last forever, transcripts released yesterday by the federal reserve show.
The announcement, made by US first lady Michelle Obama yesterday, is aimed at what development experts argue is one of the most effective ways of boosting long-term global economic development.
It is natural to regard any merger proposed by BAE Systems, the UK’s biggest defence company, with suspicion. Had it a better record of predicting its industry’s future and doing deals at the right price, it would be in less of a pickle.
The Bank of Japan just threw another log on the fire. Over the coming two years, it plans to inject the equivalent of $1.4tn into the system. And more could come as officials struggle to hit their newly imposed inflation goal.
KPMG audited many of the Guptas’ companies and eight of its executives last week resigned as it admitted its errors of judgment. McKinsey took a juicy contract with Eskom, a state utility, that involved working with a consultancy linked to the family. The firm still maintains that it behaved correctly and is walking the tightrope of self-justification. I am intrigued to see how long it will take to fall off.
christine lagarde has called on policymakers to pass a range of economic reforms to avoid the trap of years of lacklustre growth — a trap which the international monetary Fund’s managing director said risked stoking frustrations with the global economic and political establishment.
As elsewhere, the west prized an appearance of stability in Libya. The killing spree in Tripoli and other Libyan cities in recent days puts a lie to that. It is striking that the oil riches that bought Mr Gaddafi foreign friends failed to buy the peace of his own people – this is but one indication of how deep Libyan frustration runs at Mr Gaddafi’s 41-year iron rule. He has kept tribal leaders on a tight leash and retained a grip on defence, foreign affairs and security. Economic liberalisation has only highlighted what Libyans are missing out on. It is hard to know exactly what is happening while Libya keeps out reporters and maintains an internet blackout. But Mr Gaddafi has clearly drawn a tragic lesson from events in Tunisia and Egypt: that only swift repression may save him. When Seif al-Islam, the leader’s supposedly reformist son, addressed the country to calm unrest, he instead inflamed tension further by pledging to fight to “the last man standing”.
“This is not something that has just happened,” says David Abney, chief operating officer of UPS, a company that, with its main rival FedEx, is both a chief beneficiary and key facilitator of global trade. “We first saw it coming 30 years ago and began redoubling our efforts after the fall of the berlin wall and the subsequent collapse of trade barriers around the world.”
What lay behind the savings glut? The first development was the shift of emerging economies into a large surplus of savings over investment. Within the emerging economies, the big shifts were in Asia and in the oil exporting countries (see chart). By 2007, according to the international monetary Fund, the aggregate savings surpluses of these two groups of countries had reached around 2 per cent of world output.
Lee is not the only Chinese-born filmmaker to have given world resonance to this studio's landmarks: its epic stretch of mock-up Nanjing Road complete with fully functioning trolley bus , its alleys and mansions that were period-dressed for Farewell, My Concubine, its taverns and stunt dens that sold a billion tickets for Kung Fu Hustle.
His idea is that by bringing business leaders into the debate, this could break Washington’s fiscal gridlock and reduce the risk of America heading into “the most predictable financial crisis in history”, as he says  where the “Super-Committee” of politicians failed, in other words, CEOs might (possibly) succeed in forcing action. Or so the hope goes.
PetroChina is on track to post another record profit this year after yesterday reporting a 29 per cent increase in first-half net earnings.
After more than two hours of political theatre, the hearing descended into ugly farce after a man who had been sitting in the hearing room attempted to hit mr murdoch in the face with a foam pie.
chinese securities listed on the world’s most reputable stock markets, including New York, hong kong and Toronto, have tumbled in recent weeks as investors have balked at almost anything Chinese. Nervousness has grown as a string of foreign-listed chinese companies has been accused of fraud, accounting discrepancies or other corporate governance failings.
"Bill Gates said about the internet that in the short term everyone over-estimates change and in the long run people under-estimate change. The same holds for uranium," says Mr Kloppers, noting that the uranium price ran ahead of itself last year.
The effect of China's indiscriminate dealmaking in energy is often to undermine concerted international efforts to make resourceexporting countries change their behaviour, whether the target is Iran's nuclear programme or suspected genocide in Sudan.
Pakistan’s new prime minister has warned the US
Citi employees already get paid for referrals, when, for example, a wealth management adviser helps a client open a credit card or a checking account. However, Citi insiders say those sums are modest.
However, the operator has refused to withdraw the amendment completely.
Compact, noisy and filled with thousands of punters squeezed around the floodlit track, horseracing at Happy Valley is at the heart of hong kong island. It is also at the heart of the hong kong Jockey Club, the colonial-era institution whose members make up the city’s business and political elite, and which holds a government-granted gambling monopoly in the city.
China’s first stealth fighter completed its maiden test flight just as Robert Gates, us defence secretary, met Hu Jintao, the country’s president, in a move seen as an anti-American signal by the People’s Liberation Army.
Yesterday’s incident comes a day after the International Organisation for Mig­ration reported more than 1m migrants have reached Europe this year, a symbolic threshold that will cement the status of the refugee crisis as a defining political issue for the continent in 2015.
The Pakistan government is putting the southern provinces of Punjab and Sindh on alert amid growing concerns that Taliban militants could spread south.
But there is no compelling evidence of strong support coming through this time. By early 2016 China data had already begun a robust rebound, fertilised by a strong credit impulse, a 5 percentage point rise in the growth rate of total social financing over the previous year. By contrast, this metric fell 3.5 percentage points over the past year. Authorities have again signalled looser policy, but the magnitude of easing over 2019 is likely to be about one-fourth of the average registered in previous credit expansions.
Mr Hollande decided to keep crowd and players unaware of the unfolding atrocities, according to a person who was with him. The gates would be discreetly locked and fans herded on to the pitch after the game. The decision prevented further carnage: a third terrorist was waiting outside to blow himself up. In the end he killed no one but himself.
A counter-offer is improbable, so shareholders in GSK Pharma should accept the cash. Not only is GSK offering a premium of 26 per cent to the undisturbed price, but an illiquid stock threatens to become even more so. (GSK is pledging to honour Indian stock market rules to keep a 25 per cent free float.)
The investment is Carlyle's first in China's banking sector. The private equity group dropped out of a consortium led by Citigroup, which last month bought a $3.1bn stake in Guangdong Development Bank.
“Most of my classmates have left to look for higher incomes. Many won’t return,” says Ma, who works as a nurse. We are sitting in a Qiqihar restaurant, chatting over a plate of juicy grilled pork — typical warming fare in a place where winter temperatures are often around -20C.
The worst wildfires in US history, Arctic sea ice trending towards a historic low, simultaneous hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean and the hottest summer in the northern hemisphere since records began: scientists say this year’s sequence of natural disasters and record temperatures have exceeded their worst fears.
He said the move was due to bail conditions – after his arrest last week – barring him from fighting on the front lines of the protests. “We are not risking our lives. We are just unwilling to see the Umbrella movement end with nothing concrete,” said Mr Wong.
It is true that capital chases growth, but the big emerging economies are slowing. Far from fighting off a deluge of foreign capital, leaders from India to south africa are struggling to attract a greater share of global capital flows in order to fund widening current account deficits. Over the past decade, the foreign exchange reserves of the developing world grew at an average annual rate of
Does it face any constraint? Not really. As Robert Mugabe has shown, anybody can run a printing press successfully. Once the interest rate hits zero, the Fed can perform much further easing. Indeed, it can create money without limit. Imagine what would happen if an alchemist could transform lead into gold, at no cost. Gold would not be worth much. central banks can create infinite quantities of money, at no cost. So they can reduce its value to nothing without difficulty. Curing deflation is child's play in a “fiat money” – a man-made money – system.
Mr Zabraniecki is understood to work as a cash equities broker at SG Securities, part of the corporate investment division, executing trades for the equities derivatives desk, where Jér?me Kerviel, the man at the centre of the scandal, worked.
Citic 1616 is, however, competing against telecoms operators that find it easier to connect directly with each other.
The others included Satyam, barred in September in a case unrelated to the present scandal, and Megasoft Consultants, a smaller operator.
But it subsequently emerged that the president’s son had agreed to meet Natalia Veselnitskaya, a Russian lawyer with connections to the Kremlin, after being told she had incriminating information about Mrs Clinton.
News Corphas approached Pearson about a possible cash offer for its Penguin books business, threatening to derail talks about an all-share merger between Penguin and Bertelsmann’s Random House division.
We all know the world economy is changing. We know it is changing fast. But do we really know how fast? Read on.
European steel and auto industries yesterday accused mining companies of unfair pricing practices following the introduction of a new system for valuing iron ore which will see the cost of the resource nearly double.
China’s tweeting cops are part of a vast project: making the voice of the government heard in the online cacophony that has become the country’s most important public sphere.
He has been devouring academic textbooks on virology in his evenings, and taken piles of medical journal articles on malaria away on holiday to read. Now he describes still more frequent discussions with researchers and regular field trips to enrich and apply his knowledge.
The length of the average working week in the UK has declined steadily from about 59 hours in the mid-19th century to 32 hours in 2009. But averages hide a lot.
&ldquo The Chinese offer the full package,&rdquo  he said, referring to the combination of financing and technical expertise that state-backed chinese banks and construction companies have rolled out across Africa.
In the US, national chain Bally Total Fitness spent two months in Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year after its new york stock exchange listing was suspended.
The exchange – dubbed the “Entrepreneurs’ Exchange” by NYSE Euronext – will facilitate fundraising through new issues of bonds as well as equity. Companies would carry out both initial public offerings of shares and initial bond offerings, and even a “pre-IPO” of convertibles – that is, investments that would in time convert from bonds into equities.
The new programme will put the LSE into direct competition with many of the top continental european business schools, such as HEC and Essec in Paris, which offer highly ranked two-year masters programmes. It will also continue to build LSE's reputation as a provider of masters-level programmes in management.
In his first public comments since taking the helm at the Australian carrier last month, Mr Joyce ruled out a three-way deal including Iberia, the Spanish airline that is simultaneously in talks with the British carrier. “BA and Iberia and us are all conscious that only one of the transactions can take place,” he said. “We are exploring a potential merger with british airways via a dual-listed company structure. We are in these discussions because a merger has the potential to create the global scale that would allow us to grow and enhance our services, and deliver significant revenue and costs synergies,” Mr Joyce said
These summits have a meagre record. Asean has delivered some trade liberalisation successes. Apec has produced a useful travel card that helps business people avoid queues at airports. But much of their summitry verges on farce. Burma's military junta, communist Vietnam and Laos, and Brunei, an absolute monarchy, happily signed the democracy and fundamental freedoms clauses of Asean's human rights charter, knowing they could not be enforced.
Bored, and unsupervised by his barely literate grandparents, 16-year-old Yang Hui started hanging out with other dropouts in the dusty streets of Zhangjiachuan in Gansu, northwest China. His posts on Weibo, the Chinese equivalent of Twitter, became laced with profanity and street talk. Police questioned him as a witness to a motorbike theft. His grades fell.
As the earnings season draws to a close, companies within the Russell 2000 stock index — the small-cap benchmark — have reported an aggregate loss of $1.1bn, compared to profits of almost $18bn a year earlier, according to data provider FactSet. Meantime, the much bigger companies within the benchmark S&P 500 index have posted a 34 per cent aggregate drop in earnings, to $233bn.
That old one-liner could now become the motto of the world’s nuclear industry. After a decade during which nuclear power has gradually regained its credibility in the eyes of the public, a single uncontrollable event has reminded everyone of the risks associated with nuclear power plants.
We must also recognise that, as Mr Legrain argues, migration does bring large benefits. The biggest aggregate global gains come from moving people out of bad environments into good ones. But the biggest gains to recipient countries, I suggest, come from greater diversity itself.
In the meantime, the banks were told to become more commercially oriented, improve their balance sheets, risk management and corporate governance and prepare for an onslaught of competition from the best banks in the world following China's accession to the world trade organisation in late 2001.
They should let their own currency float, stimulate domestic demand to switch from a balance of payments surplus to balance of payments deficit, and in the process supply the world with a sizeable volume of freely convertible renminbi.
Very little survives of that Berlin. Today it’s a swish metropolitan area of five million inhabitants, almost all of whom have in-house toilets. More people arrive every day to start tech companies or the vegetarian restaurants that service them. Berlin exemplifies the transformation of the rich world’s big cities this past quarter century. But that era may now be ending. London, new york and Tokyo have become not just overcrowded and overpriced, but also overstimulating. The star of the next 25 years could be the smaller city.
The findings come in a fund discussion note called “Dominant Currencies and External Adjustment”, which said that the US currency’s role in trade and finance would exacerbate the impact of coronavirus on the global economy.
There are some practical problems about this story, but these do not concern great philosophers. Nozick wishes to argue that justice can never be defined by reference to the distribution of outcomes – which is what those who present egalitarian arguments try to do. Any such just outcome could, and would, be upset by voluntary transactions whose effect might be inegalitarian but which left everyone better off. Traders, celebrities and business people might struggle with Nozick’s philosophy but they love his conclusion. He offers a principled rationale for the claim that the outcome of a market process is not only efficient but just. Fairness should be judged by access to opportunity, not by the perceived fairness of the result.
From lipsticks and handbags to plastic figures of Buzz Lightyear, almost everything Priscila is selling in her small shop in São Paulo’s Paraisópolis favela, or slum, has been made in China.
But, according to officials involved, the European Commission’s formal investigation goes beyond this compliance matter to cover allegations about Windows 8, the forthcoming system that marks Microsoft’s attempt to fight back against Applein the tablet market.
It figures that the person who has shelled out £2m on a nearly three-bedroom house with a postage stamp-sized back garden might spend a commensurately exorbitant amount on a punnet of “heritage” tomatoes (organic, of course). Few, however, would want to be identified as such.
China has launched an investigation into Volkswagen as the diesel emissions scandal engulfing the german carmaker reached the world’s biggest car market.
Big pharma and silicon valley have been circling one another for some time, looking for ways in which they might harness the power of data technology to medical ends. Now a fusion of west coast entrepreneurship and lab-coated medical expertise has spawned its first big publicly announced transaction. Google has struck a deal with Novartis to develop a “smart” contact lens designed to help diabetics track their blood sugar levels.
The Shanghai Communiqué was more than a symbolic statement about a historic shift and reopening of ties between China and the US. It was an innovative diplomatic device. The work was a credit to the intellects and skill of Zhou Enlai, Chinese premier, Henry Kissinger, us national security adviser, and China's deputy foreign minister Qiao Guanhua. The communiqué acknowledged differences, rather than papering them over. The common interests were sparse  there were only two curt sentences on economics because the prospects were scant. The crucial sentence was the mutual opposition to “hegemony”, the code word for the threat of the Soviet Union.
The question is not whether the current policy path is acceptable. The question is what should be done? To come up with a viable solution, consider the remarkable level of interest rates in much of the industrialised economies. The us government can borrow in nominal terms at about 0.5 per cent for five years, 1.5 per cent for 10 years and 2.5 per cent for 30 years. Rates are considerably lower in Germany and still lower in Japan.
In 2000-07, the top five executives at Bear and Lehman pocketed cash bonuses exceeding $300m and $150m respectively (adjusted to 2009 dollars). Although the financial results on which bonus payments were based were sharply reversed in 2008, pay arrangements allowed executives to keep past bonuses.
Louis Gallois, EADS chief executive, said in an interview with the financial times that US acquisitions as well as partnerships and alliances had been identified as targets for Vision 2020, a corporate strategy that had recently been agreed and would shortly be presented to employees.
Until Friday, the official response of macro policymakers in the advanced economies (AEs) to these events had been rather complacent. Leading  federal reserve officials  had said that they were monitoring the extent of the global economic shock and that they had scope to act, but they saw no urgency to cut interest rates. The  european central bank and Bank of England have reacted similarly.
Separately, a foreign policy adviser travelling to Asia with vice-president Mike Pence said that if it had been a nuclear test, “other actions would have been taken by the US”.
Yields on Irish two-year bonds, which have an inverse relationship with prices, rose by half a percentage point to 3.63 per cent, forcing the european central bank to intervene to prop up the Dublin markets, traders said.
So does gold perform better during inflation or deflation?
The claims came ahead of the publication on Tuesday of The Great Successor, a portrait of Kim Jong Un by Anna Fifield, a washington post reporter, that says the deceased Kim was an informant for the CIA. The wall street Journal on Monday also said he had been a CIA source.
The question for the London meeting is whether anything can be done to restore some degree of stability. The answer is Yes, and the way forward lies in an examination of the causes of volatility over the past 12 months.
“Analytics works when markets work analytically but in these markets you need to make decisions fast and I find myself turning to my instincts more and more,” he says.
A widely watched US bond market indicator of recession sent its most dire signal since the early days of the financial crisis on Tuesday, reflecting increasing gloom about the economic consequences of the US-China trade war.
Peter Altmaier told the financial times that France and Germany wanted to make a joint proposal for a new European industrial strategy, including possible reform of EU competition law.
The results of a study of 4,500 funds by PerTrac Financial Solutions, which provides investment software, comes as many are predicting that the biggest will survive the industry shake-out.
At the kitchen table sat the wizened old man, one eye squeezed theatrically into a squint and the other, sky blue and bulging in my direction, sizing me up sceptically. With his massive manual labourer's hand he grabbed the vodka bottle. He slid a second glass out into the middle of the table and filled it for me, to the rim.
“We wouldn’t wait until something explodes to act. If three or five clients ask for the same thing . . . we’ll see that as important,” said Mr Huang, adding that its cameras previously only recognised people in masks half the time, compared with 99.5 per cent accuracy for a full face image.
Mr Moon’s hypothesis (or hope) is that the sheer unpredictability of mr kim and mr trump could actually create the conditions for peace. In past decades, the politics of the korean peninsula have been all too predictable, with repeated efforts at diplomacy failing to end the armed deadlock between North and South.
“ISS [Institutional Shareholder Services] frequently suggests that you vote for a couple of dissidents, some of Yahoo's big shareholders had indicated they would have liked a split, so rather than take its chances, Yahoo saw the opportunity to control it,” said the person.
These acute risks have produced a startling variety of opinions among Chinese experts about the best way forward. There are some who even argue that China and the US should co-operate in joint military operations against North Korea. Others take a completely different line — contending that Washington’s policy is leading to disaster, and that it is time for Beijing to break publicly with the US.
Against that, China's big banks are hampered by low loan-deposit rates – 55 per cent in ICBC's case, compared with 64 per cent for the smaller Bank of Communications. Deposit growth could overtake loan growth, further depressing the ratio. Channelling savers into investment products is one way to avoid that, but as fund managers know to their cost, chinese investors can be fickle. Meanwhile, banks are natural depositaries for low-yielding government paper – ICBC was hit by revised terms on a $10bn securities portfolio. The future prospects for China's banks, therefore, may be less interesting than headline economic growth rates suggest.
A surging stock market and a renewed “wealth effect” helped push the japanese economy to its sixth consecutive quarter of growth — the longest unbroken streak in more than a decade and a possible lifeline for the foundering “Abenomics” revival programme.
The US-China Economic and Security Review Commission (USCC) recommended the Trump administration’s top information security official should report annually on vulnerabilities arising from integration of supply chains between the US and China.
No detail was left unattended to on their journey. A team of veterinarians and caretakers accompanied the pandas on their flight to Taiwan, along with 300kg of Sichuan bamboo. The bamboo shoots were later mixed with local Taiwan bamboos to make the pandas' first meal on the island.
john kerry called on Iraq’s leaders to form a new government immediately that includes all the country’s political and religious factions, as the us secretary of state scrambled to head off the break-up of the country by a surging rebel alliance.
This is a tragedy in three acts. Many of the refugees bound for Malaysia are either from the western Rakhine state of Myanmar or from refugee camps in Bangladesh. The Rohingya, many who have been in Myanmar for generations, are effectively stateless. Ironically, as Myanmar’s military boot has lifted, anti-Rohingya sentiment has stiffened among the majority Buddhist population. The Rohingya, referred to dismissively as “Bengalis”, are popularly considered foreign interlopers with an alien religion and a high propensity to breed. In 2012, mobs killed at least 170 and drove some 140,000 into desperately ill-provisioned camps. As hope fades, the incentive to flee rises.
The official added that small businesses were the main beneficiaries of bill financing and other short-term loans. While acknowledging the possibility for arbitrage, he said such transactions were only “minority behaviour”.
For Citic’s buyers, the benefits are unclear. Itochu estimates it will generate annual profits of just under $600m, implying a multiple of 8.8 times. Itochu trades on 6.5 times forecast 2016 earnings, making the deal look dilutive. At best, Itochu and CP Group will gain better contacts for future China business.
Sony's PS3 has struggled to gain a foothold in global markets in spite of a successful launch in Europe last month while Nintendo's Wii games console continues to go from strength to strength.
Extremely high pay rises in India last year also look set to continue in 2007 with real earnings of senior managers forecast to rise by 6.9 per cent, it says.
Mr Mittal, president of Arcelor Mittal, told the financial times in an interview that he was keen to see some progress by Beijing in allowing non-Chinese companies to take controlling stakes in specific steel companies.
The Shanghai consultancy ranked Invesco as the second-best foreign manager in the world’s fastest-growing asset management market, relegating JPMorgan asset management and Schroders to third and fourth places respectively.
The strongman playbook is now well-established. Its key features include a willingness to bend or break the law  to fire public servants if they fail to demonstrate loyalty  and to delight supporters with “politically incorrect” comments on race and sex. The strongmen justify their contempt for liberal niceties by claiming that they represent the people against a corrupt and out-of-touch political class.
south korea was “maintaining a readiness posture” in case of potential additional launches, the Joint Chief of Staffs in Seoul said. No further information on the tests was immediately available.
There are three main strands of Japanese film shown in the west: animation, sex and horror. None of these owes much to traditional Japanese film, but what are niche titles in their own country are often taken as examples of national cinema when they move abroad.
Dear Economist,brCan economics help me pick out the perfect Christmas gift for my brother?brTim Maly, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
The construction and services sectors contracted quarter on quarter due to the economic fallout from the coronavirus outbreak, while the manufacturing sector expanded by 4.2 per cent.
But lingering uncertainty about a greek debt restructuring, plus growing concerns that Portuguese assets were showing increasing levels of stress, helped keep a lid on the day’s price action.
The price of oil today is roughly half of what Opec wants it to be and the cartel is prepared to make further cuts in production, according to its secretary-general.
“This is the first time we have had so much investment from China,” Luis Afonso Lima, president of Sobeet, told the Financial Times. Exports of commodities, such as iron ore and the “soya complex” of beans, oil and meal, to China helped to keep Brazil’s economy afloat during the financial crisis.
Andrei Kozlov, first deputy chairman of the Russian central bank（注：a href="http://big5.mofcom.gov.cn/gate/big5/zhaozhouxian.mofcom.gov.cn/aarticle/yuwaisq/200507/20050700214433.html" target= blankhttp://big5.mofcom.gov.cn/gate/big5/zhaozhouxian.mofcom.gov.cn/aarticle/yuwaisq/200507/20050700214433.html/a）, died hours after being seriously wounded outside a Moscow football stadium on Wednesday night.
“The two developments will only add to Washington’s insistence on a stronger renminbi and to Beijing’s resistance,” said Ben Simpfendorfer, an economist at RBS in Hong Kong. Such a stalemate could lead to a new push in the us congress to pass measures penalising Chinese exports, especially as the November mid-term elections approach.
Western asset managers face little competition from local funds, the report argues. The region lacks domestic fund managers able to compete with established foreign managers in asset classes requiring international investment skills.
“Coal’s share of the global energy mix continues to grow each year, and if no changes are made to current policies, coal will catch oil within a decade,” Maria van der Hoeven, IEA executive director, said.
Second, the big macroeconomic issue of today is not inflation. It is the rapid growth in net exports, soaring current account surpluses and persistent weakness of domestic consumption. China suffers not from excess domestic demand, but a lack of it. Rebalancing the structure of the economy – from exports and investment towards public and private consumption and from massive current account surpluses and huge reserve accumulations towards a more balanced external position – remains the true priority.
That would tilt the IMF – which has always straddled the twin roles of umpire and adviser to governments – towards being more of an umpire, a long-standing US demand.
“Call it fearlessness or perhaps stupidity, I’m not sure which it was, but I took this on as I would any other job,” says Luigi Turchio, the soft-spoken court-appointed administrator of the San Paolo Palace hotel and conference centre in Sicily.
But there is a troubling movement afoot that threatens to set back globalisation: American and European aversion to SWFs, which are pools of capital controlled by energy-producing or newly industrialised countries. Public Strategies, a research and consulting firm, said in February that 55 per cent of all Americans, for example, think that investment by foreign governments harms US national security.
Mr Mnuchin’s highly unusual statement confirming the one-on-one calls with the bank chief executives on Sunday came after he dismissed media reports that donald trump was contemplating firing federal reserve chairman Jay Powell.
Zong Qinghou, China’s richest man and chairman of Wahaha, is looking for a wide range of international partnerships in areas from product sourcing to finding green manufacturing production methods, as he seeks to diversify the country’s third-largest soft drinks company by sales and deal with quality problems in the Chinese supply chain.
This year’s “subpar” performance represented an increase in the net asset value of his fund of only 14.4 per cent, 1.6 per cent less than the rise in the more excitable S&P. The anticipated deficiency in the 2009-13 result will arise because the figures for 2008 (when the index plunged but Berkshire’s NAV fell only modestly) will drop out of the five-year average. Meanwhile, the data for 2009 (when the index partially recovered but the Berkshire portfolio did not regain the value it had never shed) will remain in the calculation.
Later in the week, the chinese government confirmed the launch of a trading link between the hong kong and shanghai stock exchanges – ending speculation that the scheme had been delayed to punish hong kong for its pro-democracy demonstrations. It also agreed to ambitious carbon reduction targets in a bilateral deal with the US.
The contraction was far worse than the 3.7 per cent forecast by analysts, and similar to the slump after a previous consumption tax rise in 2014.
As for the mooted spending on pensions, he added: “if it’s as crippling as that, they would change the system, I would think”.
I have been in Nairobi for 10 weeks, but in terms of knowledge and experience accumulated it feels like aeons. I am working as an intern with Acumen Fund, a global social venture fund. It provides equity and debt financing to enterprises that use market-based approaches to supply goods and services to the base of the pyramid &ndash  people earning under $4 (&euro 2.79, &pound 2.42) a day.
The bouquet of flowers was a charming gesture. The sentiment on the accompanying card not so much. When an image of a note sent by fashion designer Ulyana Sergeenko to her Russian compatriot, the tech entrepreneur Mira Duma, addressed “to my n****s in Paris”, appeared on Instagram last week, the reaction was quick and brutal.
This realisation has come slowly through the steady drip, drip of proof. Every day I am exposed to the marketing activity of Brand Someone Else. A man I've never met has just sent me an e-mail saying “Lucy, watch me on Bloomberg TV today!” Readers endlessly direct me to their personal websites. Even quite normal people boost their brands by routinely forwarding any complimentary e-mails to their bosses.
The report, to be published today, suggests some companies are still exposing themselves to financial and reputational risks in spite of heightened efforts by the US and other governments to crack down on bribery and other illegal practices.
Fundamental, however, is the IMF's optimism about emerging economies, despite its caution about the US, whose economy is forecast to grow at 1.9 per cent this year and next. The IMF expects demand in the rest of the world to be largely decoupled from weakness in the US.
The us economic expansion faltered badly in the first quarter with gross domestic product rising by a sluggish 0.2 per cent annual pace, which could influence policy makers’ decision on when to lift interest rates.
China is still a poor country, but multinational companies want to establish themselves in a market of 1.3bn increasingly prosperous people. The authoritarian rulers of this continental economy have, until now, been able to force news, media, online search and software companies to comply with their onerous censorship requirements.
Martin Wolf, the FT's chief economics commentator, has long warned of the threat posed by global imbalances to the world economy. These imbalances include not just the US, but also China's huge current account surplus conveniently invested in US Treasuries. In late February, Wolf showed he was alert to the scale of the crisis, warning that the US faced “the Mother of all Meltdowns”. He was clear, too, that the banking system would require a bail-out. And he was spot-on with his strictures to policymakers: the crisis could be managed provided the US acted quickly and others followed suit to sustain domestic demand. This holds even truer today.
Instead, the sense of panic has escalated in the past few weeks, creating a fresh wave of bank failures. Consequently, as global leaders scramble to introduce emergency measures - including the prospect of governments taking direct stakes in banks - the question many non-bankers such as Ms Naud might ask is: why has all this become necessary? What has caused the resurgence in financial panic, in a manner that has apparently left global leaders so scared?
This was the task IFL was called in to tackle. Paul Hansen, programme director at IFL, says the project brief was twofold. First, it was to provide some elements of knowledge, most notably leadership but also the sort of knowledge the Grant Thornton partners, accountants by profession, would not come across in their daily lives: marketing, strategy and entrepreneurship, for example.
The study, carried out at his J. Craig Venter Institute in Maryland, shows that Dr Venter carries genes that may predispose him to Alzheimer's and heart disease, novelty-seeking behaviour and a preference for evening rather than morning activity. Never before has anyone revealed so much personal information in a scientific paper.
“Quantum physics is very strong in China,” says Mr Byrnes. “The top groups are as good as anywhere in the world  . . . and doing some amazing things.”
The New York-based credit rating agency this week became the first foreign company to gain approval from China’s central bank to start assessing domestic bonds, following a year-long process to gain a foothold in the local market, the world’s third largest. The move could help to unlock flows into a market where foreign investors currently hold about 3 per cent of the total bonds outstanding, according to the central bank.
Asia, led by China, has long been the world’s most dynamic trading region. But exports this year have posted their worst performance since the 2008-09 financial crisis, falling 7.7 per cent in July to register a ninth consecutive month of year on year falls in us dollar terms, according to data compiled by Capital Economics, a research company.
That is the question being asked of Supercell, the Finnish mobile gaming company that became the highest valued European technology start-up on Tuesday, when China’s Tencent bought a majority stake in it from Japan’s SoftBank.
At the top of the pile/b things are different: economists Peter Kuhn and Fernando Lozano find that skilled, salaried workers are increasingly likely to work more than 50 hours a week in their main job. FT readers who think their jobs are tougher than those of the previous generation are probably right. bBlame the long-hours culture, whether that culture is rational or irrational: Kuhn and Lozano find that skilled men work longer hours because they are paid much more, over time, when they do.
Access to credit is even more skewed. In spite of the length of the US recovery, the volume of lending to US small businesses keeps falling. According to the Small Business Administration, last year lending fell by $19bn to $587bn – a fifth below pre-recession levels. Washington’s regulatory grip on those banks that still lend to small businesses – America’s community banks – keeps getting tighter. According to Tom Hoenig, vice-chairman of the federal deposit insurance Corporation, the effective equity cushion at the largest us banks is between 4 and 6 per cent of their balance sheet. For the small Main Street banks that still make “character loans” – lending money to customers they know – that cushion is 9 per cent. In other words, us regulators are twice as strict with those banks that are least likely to pose a risk to the system.
The prices of China's exports have been rising for almost five years. “[China trading] partner country data uniformly show imported footwear, toys, furniture and textile prices falling by around 3 per cent in us dollar terms until 2003, and then rising at 3 per cent to 4 per cent per year thereafter,” Jonathan Anderson, economist at UBS, noted in a recent research report.
The only Republican in Mr Obama’s cabinet, Mr Hagel is the first high-level official to leave the administration after the Democrats were roundly defeated in midterm elections earlier this month and lost control of the Senate.
However, when the crisis led to a global recession, with severe downturns in several major western economies, many Asians began to question their belief in western competence. An important distinction needs to be stressed here: while Asians have retained their faith in western theories on economics, they have progressively lost faith in western practices of economic management.
Didi Chuxing, the Chinese ride-hailing app, has branched out into financial services as new regulations threaten to cut the number of available drivers.
The carefully worded statement reflected differences between European finance ministers, who have expressed concern about the yen's fall against the euro – which could hit European exports – and the position of the US, which is more focused on China's currency.
Since his return, Mr Thaksin has pledged to stay out of politics. He said yesterday that to avoid causing difficulties for the new administration, he had turned down a request from Surapong Suebwonglee, the finance minister, to serve as an economic adviser. “If I were to help the government, I would probably create more problems than [I would] solve,” he said.
Europe has long been a continent defined by its divisions, whether east and west, Anglo-Saxon and Latin or those pushing to leave or further integrate the EU. But there was at least one uniting factor across Europe this year, the growth of business education.
“The aim of the spot contract trading will be to reduce carbon,” Mr Xie said. “This is our sole aim.”
us equity markets suffered a brief but violent sell-off after a news agency’s hacked Twitter account posted a fake tweet about a terrorist attack on the White House.
Goldin Properties, a property investment, hotel and polo club holding company, rose as much as 52.4 per cent in late afternoon trading, before paring the gain to 48.1 per cent.
The USDA forecast the 2008-09 season would see the second largest corn crop on record, triggering further selling of agriculture commodities futures. Corn prices for September delivery dropped about 1 per cent to $4.84? a bushel, the lowest since January.
The SEC's pas de deux with Mr Wolf led directly to the Russian oil company Lukoil announcing the transfer of its planned NYSE listing to London, citing the “political risk” of a US listing. The effect of the move was merely to exempt Lukoil from US disclosure, governance and trading regulations, not to curtail its access to US capital. Yet it was feted in the press by former assistant secretary of defence Frank Gaffney as a “development of momentous significance”. The Canadian oil company Talisman reacted to congressional efforts to force it out of Sudan or off the NYSE by choosing London for its largest ever debt issue. Whereas non-US companies have little incentive to state publicly their intention of avoiding us political jurisdiction, there can be no doubt that this remains a critical factor in listing and capital-raising decisions.
Beijing faces a dilemma. domestic demand has stalled, but inflationary pressures persist. The authorities may find a policy solution difficult to engineer, says Diana Choyleva, economist at Lombard Street Research.
The Kremlin had previously dismissed the idea of an international gas exporters' alliance. But during in a three-and-a-half-hour press briefing conference yesterday– an event that has now become an annual ritual – mr putin described a gas Opec as “an interesting idea”, adding: “We're going to think about it.”
In an apocalyptic forecast, Claude Mandil, the agency's executive director, said that our current path “may mean skyrocketing prices or more frequent blackouts  can mean more supply disruptions, more meteorological catastrophes – or all these at the same time”.
Thomas Carlyle, the eminent Scottish essayist, wrote that the history of the world was but the biography of great men. This tells half the story: the eurozone crisis shows how financial markets can weigh down on deeply rooted political cultures. But individuals do make a difference.
If you type “technology indis…” into Google, you are instantly directed to a webpage discussing Arthur C Clarke’s third law: “any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic”. The science fiction writer’s aphorism was published in 1962, at a time when a demonstration of Google’s autocompleting search engine would indeed have seemed like sorcery.
China’s $43tn property sector is showing signs of a worsening downturn, even as Beijing attempts to get businesses operating again following the coronavirus outbreak.
She offered a complete travel agency service for business clients, including flights, hotels and car hire, but moved into leisure travel after the 1987 stockmarket crash.
There is even talk of bumper bonuses for bankers, and multiyear guarantees. Apart from the fact that financial stocks account for a third less of world equity market capitalisation than they did in 2007, nothing much there has changed.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba said it will take a 10.4 per cent in Singapore Post, the 150-year old national postal service provider in the city state, for S$312.5m ($249m).
The board nonetheless continues to come under fire in Europe for propagating rules regarded as overly prescriptive and theoretical.
Some of the most controversial financing practices of the credit-bubble years &ndash  from &ldquo cov lite&rdquo  loans to &ldquo Pik toggle&rdquo  notes and &ldquo dividend recap&rdquo  exercises &ndash  have returned to Wall Street, stoking fears that debt markets are growing overheated.
Pressure is mounting on the european central bank to take action against a persistently strong euro with a leading industrialist calling on Frankfurt to tackle the “crazy” strength of the currency.
If they prove correct, developing countries will make a substantial contribution to aggregate demand in the struggling rich countries and ensure the world economy’s steady growth. We shall witness the most impressive closing of the gap between rich and poor in history.
Seven Greek passenger trains were halted on the tracks for several hours during a black-out on Tuesday. On Thursday, the government told civil servants to go home early in an attempt to cut demand for electricity.
Australia has things chinese companies want to own. Under current investment rules, however, chinese investment in Australia encounters considerably more obstacles than US investment. Australia demands that every investment proposal from a government-controlled entity undergo inspection by its foreign investment Review Board. Since many chinese businesses have government ownership stakes, the requirement is onerous. Even where the business is not government-owned, Australia requires a FIRB notification for all investment proposals of more than $50m. Effectively, all chinese investment proposals must be reviewed. For US investment, only takeovers worth more than $800m need be notified and a greenfield development needs no FIRB approval at all.
Qualifications now need not only to be relevant, but also portable, he says.
The mixed message, combined with the announcement of full-year profits that fell short of analysts’ expectations, sent the shares down more than 4 per cent to 680.88p in London trading on Monday.
BA's firm order for 12 A380s with an option for a further seven for delivery between 2012 and early 2014 is a boost for Airbus and a vote of confidence in the double-decker superjumbo, which has faced production delays.
China Vanke, the country’s biggest developer by market share, said government efforts during the past year to rein in soaring prices were having a severe impact and developers were being squeezed after sales volumes in 14 of the largest cities halved in September from a year earlier.
The case revolves round a volatile mix of law and politics and shows how Taiwan's boisterous democracy is struggling to shake off a culture of political patronage.
Alibaba is spending $3.6bn to buy a controlling stake in one of China’s top supermarket operators as it doubles down on grocery delivery, a key growth engine for the ecommerce group during the pandemic.
Mike Pence, US vice-president, warned voters they would “not be safe in Joe Biden’s America” as the republican party adopted an uncompromising law-and-order message on the third night of its convention.
Since signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1992, China has increasingly cooperated with non-proliferation efforts among the five recognised nuclear powers but despite the treaty’s joint commitment to disarmament, China is gradually upgrading its missiles and has been wary of signs that debate at the review conference underway in new york might turn on them.
China’s central bank has ordered online payment groups to operate through a centralised clearing house, a move likely to undercut the dominance of ant financial and Tencent by forcing them to share valuable transaction data with competitors. China is the world leader in mobile payments, with transaction volumes rising nearly fivefold last year to Rmb59tn ($8.8tn), according to iResearch. They are widely used for everything from high-street shopping to ride hailing.
Europe has this year been a key supplier to China. In part, that reflects trade tensions with the US. But herds in Poland and Romania have recently been hit by outbreaks of swine fever too.
The former senior executive of Beijing Pangu Investment, one of Guo’s companies, was handed the sentence by a court in the northern chinese city of Dalian, according to Xinhua. Two employees with the company, Xie Honglin and Yang Ying, were sentenced to two years in prison with a three-year reprieve.
The $100bn in orders far exceeds previous highs for emerging market borrowers, outstripping even the $67bn of demand saudi arabia itself saw in its 2016 government bond market debut.
It is indeed. The uncertainty about next year’s emissions is not very worrying, because climate change is caused not by what happens next year, but by the accumulation of emissions since the industrial revolution. If we get the tax wrong and emit too much one year, it will be easy to fix. The economy, on the other hand, is more vulnerable to short-term shocks: get the permit quota wrong, even for one year, and you could cause lasting damage.
The catalyst has been Beijing’s belated effort to bring an enormous credit bubble under control. As a result, interbank lending rates have shot up, while five-year bond yields have risen above those of the 10-year sector — both signs of financial tension that reflect the crackdown on leverage.
chinese authorities have shut down transport networks in Wuhan, the city at the centre of the outbreak of a deadly Sars-like virus, amid efforts to contain the deadly disease as more than 100m Chinese prepare to travel for the lunar new year.
mr hu is certain to be re-appointed for a second five-year term as party secretary at the conference, and as president at the next NPC.
China Biodiesel/b is to start trial production this week at its new plant at Xiamen in Fujian province, giving it the capability to increase the level of annual output to 100,000 tonnes a year, almost four times last year's figure.
Overall, BeInSync is more flexible and powerful than FolderShare, but both provide interesting ways of moving files around. That they provide an extra level of comfort in the case of a hard drive crash or a lost laptop is even better.
The implications are clear. China’s growth miracle has already run out of steam. It is only by allowing debt to surge that the country is able to meet its GDP targets. This may be why president xi has been eager to stress more meaningful goals, such as increasing household income. Whatever the reason, analysts should not read gdp growth as an indicator of China’s underlying economic performance. Piling up unsold and unsaleable goods or building empty airports may boost GDP in an economy whose financial system does not recognise bad debt, but it does not measure its performance.
“Being uncomfortable around people and preferring my own company has cost me a directorship and at least &pound 40,000 a year,” says one IT manager with a large retail company. He says he has seen many similarly competent, though notably more extrovert, contemporaries rise through the ranks with ease.
As Europeans look for stability in turbulent times, the continent’s best business schools deliver exactly that. The top 14 schools remain the same as last year, with only slight reshuffling, while london business school is number one for the fourth year in a row.
Chemicals group Sinochem may be preparing a massive bid for PotashCorp, but chinese companies aren’t only interested in Canada’s biggest companies. On Friday, China’s largest producer of nickel and cobalt, Jinchuan, agreed to buy a Canadian metals explorer for a fraction of the price that Potash could fetch.
There are no atheists in foxholes  is there any differentiation in an emerging market meltdown? emerging market policymakers have had their strenuous efforts to reduce vulnerability stress-tested to the extreme by the market panic this week.
Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation, China’s biggest chipmaker, warned on Thursday that its business was suffering delays and uncertainty due to US export restrictions introduced in September, even as it reported a 32 per cent rise in third-quarter revenue to $1.08bn.
China turned up the heat in its simmering dispute with Japan yesterday when for the first time it used a government aircraft to challenge Tokyo’s control of a contested island group.
As for the links between analysts and executives, most observers believed the main problem had been resolved in 2000, when us regulators outlawed the disclosure of price-sensitive information to selected analysts.
It was the stock exchange at its most dramatic – meeting investors, watching first dealings. Most significantly from an economic perspective, it raised new funds for industry.
The drought broke just in time, but the city’s planners now expect permanent water scarcity. Rationing, which initially felt like wartime austerity, has become normal.
The Dublin-based Ucits III fund, which is run from Hong Kong, invests in companies in the Asia-Pacific region, focusing on alternative energy producers that play a role in reducing oil dependency in the region. These include wind turbine manufacturers in India, desalination plants in Korea and solar equipment makers in China.
Some us politicians have said giving the contract to a foreign company could have dire security implications – a frenzy that could mount if EADS's Russian or Middle Eastern shareholders were to increase their holdings.
For weeks, Britons have chafed at the restrictions of the Covid-19 lockdown, even while polls showed they were fearful of returning to work. prime minister Boris Johnson’s TV address and the publication of plans for a phased economic reopening were vital both to map out a path forward and to rebuild public confidence. The fumbled presentation, and impression that not all elements had been fully thought through, undermined the impact. They also risk widening the social and economic divide between those who can work from home and those compelled to return to their workplace.
Brazil’s Congress will start impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff, the head of the lower house Eduardo Cunha said late on Wednesday.
“The semiconductor unit is volatile and needs a lot of investment,” Sanyo said. “Fund procurement has been difficult due to the subprime crisis.”
Sure enough, hedge funds have seen big cash inflows recently but they are not proving as safe as investors might have hoped. Excluding Lehman's collapse, hedge funds have been having their worst month in a decade. The sector's opaqueness makes it difficult to be sure but the daily HFRX index shows them down
The rear cover of the iPhone tells you it is designed in California and assembled in China. The phone sells, in the absence of carrier subsidy, for about $700. Purchased components – clever pieces of design such as the tiny flash drive and the small but high-performing camera – may account for as much as $200 of this. The largest supplier of parts is Samsung, Apple’s principal rival in the smartphone market. “Assembled in China” costs about $20. The balance represents the return to “designed in California”, which is why Apple is such a profitable company.
Du Pont noted two sources of pain in Asia. First, and more important, was the slowdown in Chinese construction and infrastructure spending. This hit the company’s performance chemicals business, which sells heavily to producers of paint and flooring. Second came excess capacity in the solar panel industry, which DuPont supplies with materials. It was 3M’s electronics business that suffered most in Asia.
“It is too early to write off China’s role in global supply chains,” said Louis Kuijs from Oxford Economics, who pointed to the “fundamental competitiveness” of Asian economies.
His resignation on Tuesday came as a shock to those inside and outside Pimco – which has $2tn of assets under management – but his plan to leave had been known to a small group of senior executives for several months, the people said.
It was not long ago that western companies took for granted the fact that they could buy emerging market companies at will. But in the past 18 months we have seen the rapid growth of a trend that has ignited fear among some chief executives: emerging economy companies buying developed economy companies.
China's manufacturing sector contracted for a second consecutive month in January, another sign that the economy is adjusting to a "new normal" of slower growth.
The answer may be in the title (which originated, of course, as the title of Pekar's own comic book series). The phrase “American splendor” was surely lifted from F. Scott Fitzgerald. On page 113 of my edition of Tender is the Night I find these words: “The post-war months in France, and the lavish liquidations taking place under the aegis of American splendor ...” Fitzgerald, a writer obsessed with the good-or-ill specialness of being American (as in “There are no second acts in American lives”), saw splendour as his nation's inexhaustible, ineluctable bequest to the world. It carries on even amid ruin and deprivation. Like Pulcini and Berman, Fitzgerald is in part ironic, poking fun at America's determination to remain the biggest kid on the block even in an age of downgraded vision or beggared patrimony. But his words, like the movie American Splendor, also have a grudging admiration for the New World's never-say-die spirit, its determination to keep punching above its weight. American splendour just iwill/i go on, blind, bounteous, reckless and often – God knows today – wrongheaded.
Second, China's fixed exchange rate makes it hard to keep credit growth under control. The People's Bank of China may have to buy $500bn of foreign currency with renminbi this year to keep the exchange rate down. But the exporters who receive those RMB deposit them in China's commercial banks, so the PBoC has to hoover up the RMB by selling government bonds to the banks, to prevent explosive growth in the money supply.
Thura Shwe Mann, who was toppled as ruling party chairman in a palace coup in August, pointed to the popularity of Ms Suu Kyi’s National League for Democracy and said he would co-operate with her in the national interest.
But can a Tee really be made of anything other than cotton or a cotton mix? Absolutely, say Gela Taylor at Juicy. "A T-shirt is basically a shape - a round neck and sleeves, just like James Dean. It's just the kind of thing you wear with a ballgown, or under a suit, or with bcut-off jeans/b." In cashmere it goes "to another level  it could be in cashmere or mink, or woven with luxury bits and pieces."
China has committed to speed up moves to liberalise its exchange rate and foreign investment regime, prompting us officials to hail Beijing’s pledges as important, if incremental, steps towards reform.
Early 2010, a gathering of business leaders in Switzerland. Mounting anger with the banks among industrial chief executives, who are beginning to feel that the financial sector’s rich blend of incompetence and incontinence threatens to make the entire capitalist system unacceptable to the public. The nearly new chairman of UBS – the most egregious Swiss culprit – is present, a former government minister of impeccable unbankerly credentials. He explains that UBS can do nothing whatever to change its business model, or to reduce compensation substantially, without putting itself at a severe competitive disadvantage.
BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, the Anglo-Australian miners, said iron ore shipments to China had not been disrupted despite a warning from one of Australia's smaller miners that Chinese customers had asked for shipments to be delayed.
Despite being 15 years old, online payment system PayPal only accounts for about 10 per cent of online payments, says Bob Graham, senior vice-president for banking and financial services at consulting firm Virtusa.
Alwyn W. Turner, 45, a social historian of the 1970s, says: "The reason these books are collectable is a nostalgia value to the Baby Boom generation who read them. Generally it is not individual authors who are worth a lot in their own right. The value is focused on specific books. Most people who like these horror books are not interested in selling them. I buy them to read, not to sell."
After a series of Chinese acquisitions of us assets were torpedoed by the us government in 2017 over national security concerns, Washington cleared its first Beijing-backed takeover of an American company since donald trump became president a year ago.
China's economy grew last month, according to a closely-monitored PMI series - which indicated growth for the first time in four months.
Those trade flows, published by the General Administration of Customs, resulted in China’s trade surplus rising than $2bn to $40.2bn, surpassing October’s revised figure of $38.2bn and well ahead of September’s revised six-month low of $28.6b. November’s trade surplus was also ahead of the $35bn forecast by economists.
Chinese net purchases of japanese government bonds soared to Y735.2bn ($8.3bn) in May, far outpacing the Y541bn in JGBs bought from January to April, according to Japanese finance ministry figures.
Describing an asset manager with nearly $540bn (&pound 285bn) under management as “a hidden gem” sounds like a strongbcontradiction/b/strong in terms. But Hans Danielsson coins the term in relation to the low profile of AIG global investment Group, the asset management arm of the world’s biggest insurer, and the fifth largest institutional investment manager.(译稿：自相矛盾)
However, the government's confirmation that Mr Jin would be moved to a government think-tank while retaining his ministerial rank suggests his misbehaviour is not yet considered to be too serious.
“We can see a trend of declining sales, especially in major cities,” Shirley Xiao, executive vice-president at China Vanke, said on a conference call with investors on Tuesday. “Prices have begun to decline little by little so we think even buyers who are able to buy will choose to wait because they’re targeting even lower price cuts.”
The results showed that the workers were isolated from each other, partly because at this call centre, like others of its ilk, the staff took their breaks in rotation so that the phones were constantly manned. In response, Bank of America decided to change its system to enable staff to hang out together over coffee and swap ideas in an unstructured way. Almost immediately there was a dramatic improvement in performance. “The average call-handle time decreased sharply, which means that the employees were much more productive,” Pentland writes in his forthcoming book Social Physics. “[So] the call centre management staff converted the break structure of all their call centres to this new system and forecast a $15m per year productivity increase.”
Unless you are holding poor Bozzer's family hostage in the basement, this is a voluntary transaction between consenting adults. Presumably, he knows that he is losing money, even if he is not smart enough to work out why. And poker is lots of fun: even if he recognises that he is outclassed and the game is costing him, it may still be worth his while. After all, no customer makes a profit from going to the cinema either, but we rarely worry about that.
One colleague says Mr Bouton's habitual coolness gave way to rare emotion as he digested the enormity of the losses. “He took it calmly but this is probably the first time for as long as I have known him that he clearly showed his emotions. He is a rather cold, calculated character who doesn't lose his nerve easily. This destabilised him somewhat.”
The warning from Jacques Rogge, president of the International Olympic Committee, clouded celebrations to mark the final year of the games' preparations, especially for Beijing organisers who have tried to wave aside pollution worries with assurances of improvement and vague promises of further environmental action.
The two events are, however, closely linked and reveal much about Beijing’s penny-wise, pound-foolish approach to market access reforms over recent years. chinese companies have profited enormously when foreign investors have been forced to operate through joint-venture structures, but China would have benefited much more if such requirements had been eliminated a long time ago.
Many Chinese suppliers are being told to clean up operations from their US and European customers.
A freelance security consultant in his 30s wrote the part of the program that used a previously unknown security hole in the Internet Explorer web browser to break into computers and insert the spyware, a researcher working for the us government told the Financial Times. chinese officials had special access to the work of the author, who posted pieces of the program to a hacking forum and described it as something he was “working on”.
As a graduate student in the late 1990s, Andy Molinsky worked at an agency in Boston helping Russian immigrants find jobs in the US. The applicants were well-qualified but they struggled during interviews. They intellectually understood the cultural customs of the typical US job interview – smile, make eye contact and engage in small talk – but they found it hard to do so because it went against their culturally ingrained behaviour.
For example, the consumers who would pay for console games if given no alternative are probably the type of consumers who are happy to use pirated copies: tech-savvy youngsters. That means that an extra pirated copy in the console market is quite likely to mean a lost sale.
China and India are now so integral to the global financial system that the impact of looming changes to antitrust legislation in both countries is sure to be quickly felt across the world.
The centre resembles a spaceship, giving it a distinctly alien presence in the heart of Beijing. It is perched behind the sturdy straight lines of the Soviet-designed Great Hall of the People, which itself looks over the hideous Tiananmen Square, the vast concrete space carved out of the ancient city in the Mao era. Across the road is Zhongnanhai, the fortified Chinoiserie compound where top communist party leaders and their families live.
Businesses ranging from restaurants to cinemas across the country are either closed or struggling to win customers as fears of a second outbreak of the virus linger. That has hurt corporate performance and taken a toll on the job market, a policy priority for the Communist party.
While China's new competition law has modern features, the accretion of chinese characteristics means that the opportunity to adopt a law that conforms to international best practice has been potentially squandered, as has the chance to foster a competition culture in the world's fastest growing economy given that the state is likely to prioritise industrial policy over competition.
west texas Intermediate crude futures struck a record high of $78.40 in July, but have fallen 18 per cent. oil prices have been supported by cuts in output from the Organisation of the petroleum exporting Countries, which has targeted $60 as a support level for oil prices.
The income surplus reached Y7,031bn ($61bn, �7bn, &pound 32bn) in the first half of the year, according to figures released yesterday by the ministry of finance, taking it to the highest level since 1985, the earliest year for which comparable statistics are available.
Any chance of an end to the carnage in Syria and Iraq, and a return to some level of stability, looks contingent on an international deal on Iran’s nuclear ambitions, which unlocks US rapprochement with Tehran. That, in turn, would have to lead to a cessation of the proxy war across the Middle East, if not detente, between Shia Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia. These rivals for regional hegemony would have to conclude that their poisonously sectarian tactics had rebounded — not least in the eruption of the islamic state of Iraq and the Levant, or Isis, a deadly threat to them both.
When is a business school not a business school? The question could be put to the London School of Economics and Political Science, long-regarded as one of the great brands of UK higher education. Last month it established a department that looks set to become a cornerstone of UK management education.
Almost everyone involved in the international financial system agrees long-term change is inevitable: the rise of China will surely mean that the dollar cannot continue to be the world’s sole reserve currency.
“Change really does come from individual decisions, many millions of individual decisions, where someone stands up like Dr Gao and says, ‘No, I am not going to be quiet',” she said.
Partners in the Didi Auto Alliance include Chinese carmakers such as Geely, BYD and SAIC, as well as international brands such as Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi, and Toyota and Volkswagen’s China units. The announcement follows a series of partnerships with carmakers over the past year.
UBS has been through a &ldquo boxing match&rdquo  but will be back to health within a year and ready to reverse its bail-out deal with the Swiss government, Oswald Gr&uuml bel, its chief executive, has told the Financial Times.
In an attempt to prevent the disaster from overshadowing Beijing's August Olympics, organisers of the games announced that the chinese capital and its sports venues were safe for foreign visitors.
This point is worth emphasising: RosUkrEnergo has sat astride one of the most strategic and lucrative energy supply routes into the EU while revealing very little about its activities or, for nearly two years, even naming all its shareholders.
china investment Company, the state-owned investment group, recently acquired a stake in Blackstone, the us private equity group that holds a stake in Deutsche Telekom.
US homeland security officials who met European commissioners in Brussels this week said that if Washington does extend its ban on large electronic devices, Europe would not be singled out and restrictions would apply to all flights to the US.
The flurry of recent books on the subject is a symptom of the happiness phenomenon. But these writers are also fuelling the debate, as they bring previously obscure academic research on happiness - by economists, philosophers, psychologists and geneticists - to more mainstream attention.
Permira’s investment values the whole business unit, EF Kids & Teens, at about $1.5bn, according to a person familiar with the situation. This represents a discount to the originally reported asking price of $2bn or more.
As weak, back-sliding philanderers go, you are small beer. It doesn't sound like you've done this before and you feel guilty and realise you have a problem that you want to put right.
Florida’s cases increased by 9,636 to 132,545, the state’s health department said Saturday. The state, the third-largest in the US, reported 8,942 new cases on Friday. South Carolina and Nevada also reported record numbers of new Covid-19 cases on Saturday. More than 125,000 people have now died of Covid-19 in the US, according to Johns Hopkins University.
The cuts come as investment banks around the world are slashing costs to adjust to falling markets and a gloomy 2009.
Investors are increasingly fearful of a global recession, according to a survey of many of the world’s biggest asset managers.
What is less widely understood is that they have also transformed politics. A zero-sum economy leads, inevitably, to repression at home and plunder abroad. In traditional agrarian societies the surpluses extracted from the vast majority of peasants supported the relatively luxurious lifestyles of military, bureaucratic and noble elites. The only way to increase the prosperity of an entire people was to steal from another one. Some peoples made almost a business out of such plunder: the Roman republic was one example  the nomads of the Eurasian steppes, who reached their apogee of success under Genghis Khan and his successors, were another. The European conquerors of the 16th to 18th centuries were, arguably, a third. In a world of stagnant living standards the gains of one group came at the expense of equal, if not still bigger, losses for others. This, then, was a world of savage repression and brutal predation.
Tom Ewing, manager of Fidelity's UK Growth Fund, says that 20 per cent of sales of the FTSE 100 come from areas outside Europe, the UK and the US. “My view is that I shouldn't be drawing the definition of UK growth in a narrow, parochial fashion,” he says.
The British group owns three big public relations companies with Washington expertise: Burson-Marsteller, Ogilvy, and Hill & Knowlton. It owns BKSH & Associates, a lobbying shop, and Penn, Schoen and Berland, a pollster, both of which are units of Burson. It also owns Timmons and Company, Quinn Gillespie, and Wexler & Walker, three other lobbying operations.
president donald trump warned Tehran to stop threatening America and suggested the US would destroy the islamic republic if there was a military conflict, in comments that once again raised the spectre of war in the Middle East.
Leading central banks own a fifth of their governments’ total debt, a sign of the scale of the challenge they face in unwinding unprecedented stimulus measures deployed in the past decade.
Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines have already announced a plan to merge, while United Airlines, US Airways and Continental Airlines ponder which could be the right partner.
London's West End remains the world's most expensive office market in spite of rapid gains in prices in emerging economies such as Russia, India and Vietnam.
Several Taiwanese companies have listed their china operations in hong kong in the past few years, but the assets are held by offshore vehicles and so outside Taipei's jurisdiction. It is not a detour that is open to Taiwan-based enterprises.
When I spoke to a recent Brussels conference of business translators, one of them asked me if the financial times had any plans to publish a separate edition in simplified English. Not that I knew of, I told him, although it was an interesting idea.
While the high (and relatively low-risk) returns caused some sharp debate, they also marked a turning point. Though foreign investment was widely acknowledged as essential to modernising China’s banks, the take-home profits of foreign investors gave chinese officials a tutorial about the difference between savings and investment. “ROI consciousness”, for better or worse, was now firmly in the minds of China’s leaders. It was only a matter of time before they began applying what they had learnt.
Concerns over the chinese economy and recent volatility in markets are likely to top the agenda when us treasury secretary Jack Lew and other G20 finance ministers and central bank governors gather in Ankara, Turkey, on Friday.
However, it has also recalled more than 1m toys, including Dora the Explorer and Sesame Street toys, as a result of impermissibly high lead levels in paint that it said had been improperly supplied to one of its sub-contracting manufacturers.
It may be that this terrible tragedy, in which 298 innocent people died, will convince the Kremlin leader to shut down the bloody insurgency in eastern ukraine that he has fuelled by covertly supplying arms to the pro-Russian rebels fighting the Kiev government. Alternatively, he may try to prevent the truth over malaysia airlines flight 17 emerging and stick to his policy of dismembering Ukraine to stop it shifting to the west. If he chooses the latter course, Russia will become an international pariah and a dark new era in east-west relations will begin.
I encountered that view among some of my colleagues, but more especially among my internationalist American friends, when I worked in the united nations secretariat in new york during Mr Bush's first six years. I have also found it to be the default position of almost everyone in Europe since I returned there two years ago.
Located on Kenya’s indian ocean coast approximately 14 miles north of Lamu town, a tourist destination and Unesco World Heritage site, environmentalists say the plant will pollute the air and destroy mangroves and the breeding grounds of endangered species.
The General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine, which monitors the safety of China's food network, said the companies had been closed during inspections held between December and May. Most were small, un- licensed plants with fewer than 10 employees.
Barclays private banking targets those with more than &pound 500,000 but its Premier Banking Service caters for those earning over &pound 100,000 or with &pound 50,000-plus to invest. HSBC private banking offers worldwide offices and royal bank of Scotland has expanded its private banking service by acquiring Coutts and Adam & Company. Other private banks include C Hoare & Co, Butterfield Private Bank, Brown Shipley & Co and NM Rothschild & Sons.
Executives at some of the country’s largest refineries expect that nationwide demand will fall by a staggering 3.2m barrels a day in February from last year — a drop equivalent to more than 3 per cent of global consumption.
With chinese shares 50 per cent off their high, Gary Dugan, CIO of merrill lynch Wealth Managers, said: “On a tactical basis, we are warming to Chinese equities. In a simple model of when to buy risk assets, a period of poor performance coupled with a peaking in inflation and the prospect of looser monetary policy are conditions that generate a buy signal.”
Makers of superyachts costing tens of millions of dollars each are urgently targeting new customers from emerging markets to compensate for the loss of clients in crisis-stricken Europe, according to manufacturers and brokers at the Monaco Yacht Show this week.
The national bureau of Statistics said the Gini reading fell to 0.474 in 2012 from a peak of 0.491 in 2008. The index ranges from 0 to 1, and a lower coefficient indicates that wealth is spread more evenly throughout society.
It follows Beijing’s suspension last week of an import licence for an infant formula factory owned by Australian dairy company Bellamy’s — moves that experts say highlight a tougher regulatory environment for overseas companies that have cashed-in on Chinese fears about the quality of domestic milk for over a decade.
Diane Coyle writes movingly in the FT about the her Lancashire home town which saw huge losses of factory jobs in the late 1970s. Her main point is that the economic damage to such communities, and the anger it engendered, came long before the immigration that was such a big factor in the Brexit debate. And that it was caused not by globalisation but by automation — and the “catastrophic failure by the UK and other western governments to deliver on the most basic task of a democracy: insure people against a system-wide shock that they could not have foreseen or prevented”.
Throughout Africa, elephants and humans are in intense conflict. Humans are winning. A hundred years ago there were 10m elephants roaming the continent. By the mid-1970s that number had collapsed to 1.3m. So had the elephants’ range, with herds restricted to ever-smaller pockets of land in ever-fewer countries.
“There is a concerted effort to mitigate it before it really bites,” said a senior director at one global car group, adding that its plants had three to four weeks to remove Chinese parts from their supply lines or risk halting production as well.
Such preferences are driving shifts in the pattern of outbound Chinese M&A activity, according to a new report by UBS.
The meeting at the White House followed a flurry of angry tweets on the subject from the president on Tuesday morning, shortly before Twitter published quarterly results that suggested advertisers and users are embracing its attempts to curtail abuse and other problems on its site.
The Senate is scheduled to hold another hearing on Wednesday and has invited Romulo Neri, the former chief of the economic planning agency that evaluated the broadband project, to respond to reports that he was offered a bribe to approve the project. Mr Neri has so far refused to confirm or deny the reports but has said he will speak about it in a proper forum. The suspension of the broadband deal marks a reversal from Mrs Macapagal's vow last week that hers is “a government that honours contracts and agreements that go through the required process”.
The final shape of new rescue attempt – the third government bail-out of AIG in five months – could still change as talks between company executives, US Treasury, the federal reserve and credit rating agencies continue.
mr johnson wants to avoid a sense of panic over the coronavirus outbreak and, acting on advice of government medical experts, is opposed to the idea of closing schools, shutting down parliament and holding sports events in empty stadiums.
Imports rose 4 per cent year on year, coming in above estimates of a 3.6 per cent drop and an improvement from the 7.9 per cent fall in the previous month.
The Gulf region is China’s eighth-largest trading partner and two-way trade is forecast to treble to $100bn over the next five years. Analysts at McKinsey have cited the emergence of a “New Silk Road”, driven by China’s thirst for capital and the Gulf states’ desire to invest their petrodollars.
Mr Ran’s reluctance is mirrored by millions of other rural residents who have moved to cities in search of jobs. Their unwillingness to sign up threatens Beijing’s goal of granting 100m rural workers city hukou over a six-year period that ends this December.
After a meeting on Tuesday with two of the former British colony’s leading democracy activists, the deputy prime minister reiterated his backing for a transition to universal suffrage in the city.
central banks must clamp down on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to stop them “piggybacking” on mainstream institutions and becoming a “threat to financial stability”, the head of the Bank for International Settlements has warned.
Shares of the dual-listed company, which are also listed in Shanghai, hit a low of HK$5.40 in early trading, 15 per cent lower than the offer price of HK$6.35. The shares later recovered to HK$5.61.
The White House is poised to announce the nomination of Robert Zoellick, the former US deputy secretary of state, to be the next president of the World Bank.
Shares in ZTE, the chinese telecoms equipment maker plunged by almost 38 per cent in hong kong on Wednesday following an agreement with the us government to pay a $1bn fine and replace its board after it violated sanctions.
Over the next few weeks we will get a lot of information as to whether these conditions are being met. If they are, this latest levy will prove effective in stopping the deleveraging hurricane and allowing for clean-up operations to start – including reconciling markets to the new realities on the ground and leading to the establishment of better preventive measures against future hurricane formations.
Finally, chinese leaders have admitted what the market has been saying for some time: defaults by Chinese borrowers are all but inevitable, possibly on a significant scale. Responding to questions at a news conference last week, Li Keqiang, the Chinese premier, admitted that “isolated cases of default will be unavoidable”.
us lawmakers have reached a deal on a nearly $900bn economic stimulus package that includes more relief for small businesses and direct payments to American families suffering in the coronavirus pandemic.
The background to the first debate is China’s seemingly inexorable military expansion, especially in sea, air, ballistic missiles and cyber warfare. As regards sea forces, this includes not only warships but also coastguard vessels, merchant shipping and strategic deployment of oil rigs. Beijing’s ability to co-ordinate all these attributes of power has resulted in a subtly shifting military balance in maritime Asia.
Beijing's official ticketing website attracted 27m hits within the first hour of the launch of a third round of domestic sales on Monday, and by yesterday afternoon all tickets for events in the chinese capital had been booked or sold, organisers said.
The attraction of party invitations is relative. The more exclusive the event, the better. China is easing the path for foreign investment flows into the shanghai stock market. But foreign investors run the risk of turning up to the party only to find that others are already leaving for a more exciting one elsewhere.
The first is for the best noun pretending to be a verb. This is always a fiercely contested category, but in 2009 there was a clear winner: Neil McMahon, an oil analyst, told the wall street Journal that Exxon &ldquo might be able to change the industry structure forever and gap away from competitors&rdquo . McMahon has thus gapped away from competitors and scoops up the prize.
On Wednesday the european commission will put forward its energy and climate policy package for 2030. Brussels should take this opportunity to close the huge cost gap that is threatening Europe’s energy-intensive industries, and to address the over-regulation that is harming the competitiveness of European manufacturing. Failure to act could erode Europe’s manufacturing base.
“However, we would point out that with foreign exchange reserves expected to top $2,000bn by the end of this year this is some war chest,” he added.
Analysts have long been concerned that Europe is succumbing to a similar malaise, but were hopeful that the US — with its better demographics, more dynamic economy and stronger post-crisis recovery — would avoid that fate.
Beijing should reconsider or clarify its “new screening requirement” for mergers and acquisitions, according to an analysis by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
All these countries agreed in 2015 to that deal, and yet here — nearly five years on — there are a few who wish to quietly use procedural measures to rip it up away from the public gaze.
Paul Kopejtka, Murchison's executive chairman, said the company would refuse to accept Sinosteel's A$6.38 cash per share bid for its own 10 per cent holding.
The us housing market matters to almost everyone &ndash  even people who do not want a property in the country. Stabilising house prices could help to draw a line under the troubled assets on banks' balance sheets, and hence under the financial crisis.
The WSJ's readers should imagine what their world would be like if it disappeared. The obvious response is that the WSJ is not threatened with disappearance. But it is threatened, instead, with inclusion in the world's most dynamic media empire. There it will reside alongside such beacons of excellence as the UK's News of the World and the new york Post.
prime minister jacinda ardern said the country was unable expel any “undeclared intelligence officers” in solidarity with the UK over the Kremlin’s suspected involvement in a chemical weapons attack in Salisbury as they just did not exist on its shores.
The study from IHS, a consultancy, also estimates that Iraq's production could be increased from its current rate of less than 2m barrels a day to 4m b/d within five years, if international investment begins to flow.
In China, the front seat takes a back seat, as Volvo’s Thomas Ingenlath discovered when the carmaker’s Chinese chairman tested a vehicle he helped design.
The WTO rejected claims brought by Honduras, the Dominican Republic, Indonesia and Cuba that the plain packaging measures introduced in 2011 to curb smoking on health grounds were inconsistent with its rules. The ruling, which was issued late on Thursday by the WTO, is the latest in a swathe of legal victories achieved by Canberra, which was the first country in the world to introduce plain packaging laws.
What was supposed to be a routine meeting this weekend for the Group of 20 large economies has become more serious. The central bankers and finance ministers meeting in Ankara have watched in alarm as the rout in chinese stock markets has driven down asset prices and emerging market currencies across the world.
However, China also sees Venezuela, which has substantial undeveloped oil reserves, as an attractive long-term partner to boost its energy security.
Hypotheses for the incongruities abound. It certainly does not help that monetary and fiscal policy regimes are off the charts and that half the world is seeing explosive growth at the same time as the other half lies sick on its back. What is more, data are always volatile around turning points. But in order to make money, investors need something more solid to grab on to. Returning to first principles is always a good place to start.
The energy policies of the new US administration, as in other countries, will emphasise greater energy efficiency and renewables. A “green stimulus programme” is already high on the transition agenda. But the worried question around Washington now is: to what degree lower prices will crimp investment in renewables and efficiency.
The new restrictions followed orders announced by California governor Gavin Newsom that would limit travel and commerce if capacity at intensive care units fell below 15 per cent in five regions of the state. As of Saturday, the central San Joaquin Valley area and the broadly defined Southern California region, which includes Los Angeles, had breached the limit.
What was all the more odd about this “contagious excitement” is that, while the price was going up, the energy fundamentals were declining along with the overall economy. Petrol consumption in the US had hit “peak demand” in 2007 and was beginning to decline. On a global basis, estimates for demand growth for 2008 have fallen from as high as 2.1m barrels a day at the beginning of the year to 200,000 barrels a day now. Or perhaps zero.
A few weeks ago, I visited the headquarters of Motorola Mobility in Libertyville, in industrial Illinois. As I sat in an ultra high-tech display room – where the light switches were controlled with a flick of a mobile phone – I asked Sanjay Jha, the CEO, about his industry’s biggest challenges.
“It seems that many people have virtually no understanding of how bicycles work . . . despite bicycles being highly familiar and most people having learnt how to ride one,” Ms Lawson, from the University of Liverpool, concluded.
barack obama has ratcheted up pressure on north korea after a damaging cyber attack on Sony Pictures, imposing new sanctions on agencies and officials linked to its arms trading and intelligence establishment.
Cooper Tire extended its legal efforts to force India’s Apollo Tyres to speed up the companies’ planned merger yesterday when it said it was appealing against a ruling that exonerated Apollo from blame for the deal’s substantial problems.
“I believe that the tide has turned,” he continues. “Two hundred years back, India and China were 50 per cent of global GDP, but both, for different reasons, opted out of the race. In China, they turned inwards and in India we had the empire. The next century is an opportunity to redeem some of that: the flat world has created a unique confluence of circumstances which will have a huge impact on all our lives.”
At EMF3, where once seven employees were required to assemble a laptop or desktop computer, now one employee can manage this alone. And each production line worker is capable of building the full range of laptops, servers and PCs. No stock is stored on site  the inventory of components is refreshed every two hours, and most computers are ready in between four to 12 hours. The factory is a monument to lean manufacturing. The rigour with which this has been put in place – with zero tolerance for waste – is remarkable.
As one special relationship falters, another may beckon. The British vote to leave the EU could hasten a changing of the guard among Washington’s European allies, with Germany replacing the UK as its most important partner.
In my opinion, the optimists probably have the weight of evidence on their side for now, especially since the Fed has revealed its true, dovish colours. Recessions and bear markets may both be avoided in 2019. But there are no certainties in this field, just informed guesses.
Leading opposition figures in Kazakhstan have urged tony blair to press for democratic reform in the oil-rich central asian country or abandon his new role as adviser to the government.
“The return of logos, especially those used in an ironic manner, makes sense right now,” says Dana Thomas, author of the book Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Lustre. “Young creators, in music as well as in fashion, are turning to the 1980s for inspiration and that was the period when logo mania first hit hard . . . The new take on logos is more romantic, softer, and even humorous – it has all been filtered through the haze of time. We’re all a bit more jaded, a bit more wise. We bought into marketing then  we mock it today.”
Major structural change is under way in China’s passenger car market. New car sales grew just 1.2 per cent in May, as the country develops a used car market for the first time in its history. Buyers in the world’s largest auto market now have much more choice when it comes to buying a car, and are no longer forced to buy a new car.
tax breaks enjoyed by private equity firms have become an embarrassment. Last week's disclosure by a senior industry figure that some of the wealthiest executives in the UK pay a lower rate of tax than a cleaner has sparked unease across the political spectrum.
The US, EU, Japan and 10 other economies will today launch a push to lower tariffs and other trade barriers on the $1.4tn global annual market in green goods and services.
Jiang Jianqing, chairman, said the bank aimed for only a modest growth in its lending, in favour of less risky income from wealth management and other fee-based products. Last year, ICBC nearly doubled the amount of wealth management products it sold.
Sharp market moves have wrongfooted many groups, leading to poor performances in the first quarter from funds such as Bill Ackman’s Pershing Square, and rankling investors already disgruntled over fee structures charging 2 per cent for management as well as 20 per cent of profits. A broad index of hedge fund performance fell 0.7 per cent in the first quarter, according to HFR data.
chinese investment in Portugal began to accelerate after the country faced a severe financial crisis almost a decade ago and Lisbon had to rush through privatisations as part of a bailout deal with the EU. The inflows turned the country into one of Europe’s largest per capita recipients of Chinese investment.
Japan has suffered its worst economic contraction since the earthquake and tsunami more than three years ago, providing evidence that consumer and business confidence in the country remain fragile despite the bold stimulus programme of the Shinzo Abe government.
I could go on, but it still works for me. People smile, even in adversity. A wave will often defuse a tense situation.
Yes, the circumstances are different. Tesco is groping for a business model that works, and joint ventures have been successful for the company elsewhere in Asia. Walmart is responding, in part, to regulatory restrictions. But the basic problem is the same. There are huge opportunities in both countries, but they are proving hard to exploit.
In a matter of days, the situation on the korean peninsula appears to have switched from the brink of war to hope for new dialogue. The North’s restraint over the past week and the South’s new willingness to resume six-party talks, however, may owe more to Chinese efforts than a volte-face by Seoul.
Goldman Sachs is paring its stake in Industrial & commercial bank of China, hoping to raise about $1.5bn by selling more than 2bn shares in the lender, people familiar with the matter said.
While there are fears of further share sell-offs following sharp declines recently in China and India, experts say pension saving is well suited to these risky markets. Investors often have a 20-year timeframe so can afford to ride out periods of poor performance. And with many pensions structured for monthly saving, this dripfeeding into markets avoids the risk of investing everything directly before a crash.
Earlier Mr Medvedev, at 42 the youngest Russian head of state since the last tsar, Nicholas II, placed his right hand on the constitution and recited the presidential oath before 2,400 guests in the Kremlin's gilded St Andrew's Hall.
That highlights an even bigger business risk to governments. chief executives can mobilise employees and customers and they have the money to back campaigns. So they are driving political and social change. But they are also motivated by market forces. They will invest where political risk is manageable and they can achieve the best shareholder returns. Politicians must ask whether a laissez faire policy that lets business do this is in a nation’s interest.
Sotheby’s has gone under the hammer for $3.7bn, ending 31 years of public ownership, with the venerable auction house sold to Patrick Drahi, the billionaire founder of telecoms group Altice.
Import growth lifted year-on-year to a pace of 17.7 per cent for the period, up from 17.2 per cent a month earlier and beating an expected rate of 11.3 per cent.
A combination of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the smaller Chicago Board of Trade would create the world’s largest derivatives exchange. It would also provide the merged group with an estimated annual $125m in synergies to fund expansion into Europe and Asia, as well as fast-growing areas such as credit derivatives and foreign exchange, which remain dominated by over-the-counter trading.
Citigrouphas agreed to pay $590m to settle a shareholder lawsuit accusing the bank of failing to fully disclose its exposure to toxic mortgage products before the financial crisis.
But Mr Hohensee said that, unlike in Europe, there is much less political will for integration. Nevertheless, this week leaders of the 10 members of the Association of South-east asian nations agreed to remove trade barriers by 2015 to create a European Union-style economic community.
Analysts and industry executives say the trend, favouring the likes of Citigroup, Bank of America and JPMorgan, is being driven both by market forces, as investors recoil from complex securitised debt products, and by regulatory moves designed to give commercial banks a freer hand to allocate capital, at least in the short term.
The goods to stock the shops need to be warehoused in modern logistics centres. The international business people travelling to open these markets need hotel rooms to stay in. The result of this burgeoning demand: a highly profitable commercial real estate market.
Chinalco's gambit &ndash  the biggest overseas investment yet announced by a chinese group &ndash  has attracted scathing opposition from nationalists, who have historically been suspicious of Chinese involvement in Australia.
I am not a cardiologist. It would be presumptuous, as well as tasteless, to suggest we are looking at another example of “death by overwork” here. In any case, those who knew him spoke of Ratner's great enthusiasm for his job. One contributor to Seymour Pierce's website wrote: “Like most people who are really good at what they do, his passion for his work was palpable.” His daughter, too, spoke with pride at how much he had enjoyed work as well as family life.
This is far more complicated than it need be for at least two reasons. One is the government habit of announcing policies in terms of changes without giving the starting point. This is a habit I have complained about before and does not only apply to personal tax. The other reason, which is specific to the fiscal system, relates to the way in which tax rates are stated.
In the thick of the asian financial crisis of the late 1990s, as one desperate country after another slashed the value of their currencies, China was credited with halting the malaise by keeping its exchange rate pegged firmly to the dollar.
drugmaker, has sharply increased the price of a string of medicines in the US — including
Waymo, which began life as Google’s self-driving car project, disclosed yesterday that it had let its driverless cars loose in parts of Phoenix, Arizona, with nobody in the front seats to take over in case of emergency.
Liu Zhijun, former railway minister, was yesterday given a suspended death sentence for bribery and abuse of power, state media said.
An official announcement of the deal is expected to be made this week, the sources said.
The parallel is imperfect. Nixon was looking back at his presidency, and referring to national security issues specifically. And Mr Trump’s comment is, unlike Nixon’s, true — in one important sense. The rules forbidding officials’ involvement in matters where they have a financial interest do not apply to the president. The law reflects the great reach of the office under the constitution. Avoiding all conflicts would make the job impossible.
In this sense, the acquisition ends a few relatively quiet years for Acer during which the company concentrated on simplifying its business model and concentrating on no more than just selling computers.
The sense of buying a quintessential part of the student experience off the peg is reinforced by Unite's drop-in “shop” on a busy street in central London, which has two fully kitted-out show rooms. It displays both the company's standard offering – a small bedroom and shower room with shared kitchen – and its more luxurious room, which includes its own kitchen, fitted out with granite work surfaces and high-spec appliances.
Earlier this week, Mr McConnell said Republicans “have the votes” to move ahead without striking a deal with Democrats. But under current Senate rules, an impeachment trial cannot begin until the articles are received from the House. On Thursday, Ms Pelosi told reporters that she would not send the articles until Mr McConnell provided more details of how a trial would be conducted.
About 71 per cent of the people McKinsey spoke to at the end of last year said they were looking for high-risk, high-return investments. Each of those individuals had at least $5m in investable assets.
He described the leak last month of NSA espionage tools, potentially by Russia as an “implicit threat” to the US government. Efforts by hackers called the Shadow Brokers to auction off NSA computer code used to break into foreign networks were an attempt to show Washington how vulnerable it was, he added.
At the same time, there is little indication that many global companies are adapting their policies, processes and systems in response to such global challenges.
Data analytics have fundamentally changed the way political parties and campaign groups target potential voters. It is a complex and rapidly evolving area of activity that most people find hard to fathom.
In its publicly stated views, Pyongyang portrays its audacious pursuit of nuclear weapons as a necessary defensive measure to ward off US aggression. But experts are divided on whether the secretive regime’s ambition is only self-preservation, or whether its intentions are altogether more aggressive.
As many as 52,000 US customers hid UBS accounts from the government in violation of tax laws, a government lawsuit against the swiss bank alleged yesterday.
Mr Polegato said he had made sure that Geox received patents for this technology – and for similar “breathable”, perforated clothing, such as coats and jackets – all around the world, including China.
although none of the official “guides” was willing or able to confirm whether the Congress had started, they did suggest that the event was under way.
Sergei Ivanov, Russian defence minister, said the reported test was a “colossal blow” but any UN resolution would not involve the use of force.
An Olympics gives a host nation an opportunity to promote itself as an investment destination to foreign companies. Brazil’s task is more difficult than most, despite such prime assets as samba, Pelé and a market of 200m people. The performance of earlier investments resembles that of the girl from Ipanema’s attitude to admirers: indifferent.
The recent images of refugees literally struggling over fences to get into Europe make for a powerful reminder, if it were needed, of the scale of the movement of people around the world. The latest official figures for world migration date show a clear step up in the proportion of the global population on the move. It rose from around 2.5 per cent of the total for the decades 1960-1990, to 3.2 per cent in 2013 — and the absolute number had reached 231.5m. For the attractive destination countries, the share of the total population consisting of those of foreign birth has reached much higher proportions (15.9 per cent in Sweden, 14.3 per cent in the US, 12.4 per cent in the UK and 11.9 per cent in Germany, on theinternationally comparable UN figures).
Mr Lou, a former vice-minister of finance, compared the conservative approach of sovereign investors with hedge funds, which he said were behind recent financial market problems: “The latest cause for global economic instability is the subprime debt crisis, driven by poor risk control with the continuous development of multiple layers of derivatives.”
The decision came in a meeting at which the Fed kept us interest rates steady at 2.25-2.5 per cent. Officials agreed during the meeting that holding rates for a time posed “few risks”, with several saying further increases would only be necessary if inflation accelerated more than they expected.
This could be a global or a regional player, but buy-out firms would be unlikely to match the profile, he said. “Private equity funds are not our preferred candidates.” Asked about the development bank of Singapore, mr wang said DBS could be regarded as “a good candidate”.
When the head of a US multinational’s china operations recently sat down for talks with the chairman of a large state-owned enterprise, he was surprised when his old friend presented him with a new business card. The two men had met regularly over the years to review matters at a joint venture established by their companies, but on this occasion the Chinese executive was not just representing his SOE.
The first explosion was heard at the Marriott around 0745am local time. The hotel was targeted in 2003 by the al-Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiyah, when a bomb set off by the Islamic terrorists killed 11.
“Our speciality,” says Mr Gruber-Laux, an architect by training, “is visuals that are both photo-realistic and emotion-rich. They are not just informative. As marketing tools, they must be highly persuasive.”
Almost all of the company’s income is from online marketing: Rmb13.4bn out of Rmb13.5bn in total third-quarter revenues. But advertising is a cost for Baidu’s customers, so the search engine wants to help them generate revenue. The prize is a slice of China’s retail sales, which passed $3tn in the year to September. Like that jacket you see on the street? Scan a photo and Baidu will suggest similar alternatives  a few clicks and it is yours. The practice has not yet caught on, but if commerce picks up from the service, vendors could pay Baidu a cut.
To achieve its objectives, the UK implemented tight fiscal and monetary policies. The primary fiscal surplus (before interest payments) was kept near 7 per cent of GDP throughout the 1920s. This was, in turn, accomplished by the “Geddes Axe”, after a commission chaired by Sir Eric Geddes. This recommended slashing government spending in precisely the way today’s believers in “expansionary austerity” recommend. Meanwhile, the Bank of England raised interest rates to 7 per cent in 1920. The aim of this was to support the return to the prewar parity. Coupled with the consequent deflation, the result was extraordinarily high real interest rates. This, then, was how the self-righteous fools in the British establishment greeted the hapless survivors of the hellish war.
Some long-term commitments do not go the distance, however promising they may look. Yesterday, First Capital Securities, the Shenzhen-listed securities firm, said it was in talks with JPMorgan regarding the latter’s shareholding in a China joint venture between the two. JPMorgan is looking to offload its minority stake in the investment banking JV set up in 2010.
Investa recently weathered a downturn in the residential sector, but it has continued to develop a commercial property portfolio that includes landmark buildings in the business districts of Sydney and Melbourne.
“The chinese government takes the problem of climate change extremely seriously – president hu jintao has said that it is not just an environmental issue but a development issue,” said Qin Dahe, head of the China Meteorological Administration.
Buffett’s thought experiment returned to me as I browsed through the latest list of billionaires from Forbes. None of the leading players had achieved their position by the simple accumulation of family wealth over generations. The top five — Bill Gates, Amancio Ortega, Buffett, Carlos Slim and jeff bezos — are all entrepreneurs of one form or another. According to economists Caroline Freund and Sarah Oliver, the proportion of billionaires who inherited their fortunes has fallen from 55 per cent two decades ago to 30 per cent today.
But, despite the barbs traded in the debate, the two men set out a series of policies that were sometimes close to each other in substance, with notable exceptions, among which tax and spending policy was particularly prominent. Indeed, on the topics of Iran and energy policy, the two men appeared to shift positions closer towards each other.
business schools such as the IIMA have long stood out in a country whose basic education is a shambles. Schools in India suffer from rampant teacher absenteeism and high drop-out rates. Oxfam estimated that 14 million Indian children were not going to school at all and the drop-out rate in primary education was 38 per cent in 2004. Only Nigeria and Pakistan had more out-of-school children than India, according to a report published by Unesco.
Lant Pritchett of Harvard famously described the phenomenon whereby the living standards of a few countries pulled away from the rest in the aftermath of the industrial revolution as “divergence, big time”. My 2011 book, Eclipse , documented the converse: never had the living standards of so many poorer nations begun to “converge” or catch up with those of advanced countries. What we are seeing today, despite the crises, is convergence with a vengeance. An unequal world is becoming less so.
China’s leadership is at a rare moment of transition. During the National People’s Congress, or parliament, now in its annual session, communist party leader xi jinping is expected to be confirmed as successor to president hu jintao  and li keqiang to replace premier wen Jiabao. However, despite promises from mr xi and Mr Li, the prospects of reform are uncertain in the minds of not only chinese citizens but also observers around the world.
The 10-year us treasury yield fell 33 basis points to 0.635 per cent. Yields fall as prices rise.
The last time Asian retail investors were excited about the prospect of investing in the Japanese stock market was at the end of the last century. At that time the Nikkei 225 bounced from below 13,000 in 1998 to a high of almost 19,000 in the following year.
But when even the international monetary fund and the OECD forum put diplomacy aside to warn of flatlining global growth and urge fiscal spending to boost demand, it is surely time for the world’s finance ministers to get their act together.
You go to a formal dinner party. You talk to the person on one side during the starter, the other during the main course. Sometimes the conversation skips along, more often it drags and falters. You enjoy or endure the evening, and then you go home.
A statement by the People’s Bank of China yesterday was the clearest attempt yet by the government to calm turmoil that has shaken global markets over the past week and fuelled concerns that the world’s second-biggest economy could be on the verge of a credit crisis.
In a statement on Tuesday, Qinghai Provincial said it had missed the onshore bond payment on Monday afternoon “due to technical reasons” but had completed payment by Monday evening. The statement did not address the offshore bond. The company did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday.
Germany is attracted by the US approach of vetting potential acquisitions and blocking them in sensitive industries. However, an alternative approach was outlined last week by Peter Mandelson, european union trade commissioner, who said a vetting process would deter legitimate investors. He suggested instead that the EU could allow governments to use "golden shares" to stop foreign state-controlled funds buying sensitive companies that the buying country protected domestically.
Credit Suisse is pioneering the template model approved by China and will hold 33 per cent of its joint venture. The upside may be quicker execution – UBS and Goldman Sachs were both subjected to long delays. The downside is that the licence is purely for primary underwriting  Credit Suisse cannot, for now, engage in secondary trading. Nor has it secured management control, and the experience of multinationals in similar situations has never been inspiring. No matter. When it comes to China, just being there counts for everything – which is why the queue of investment banks behind Credit Suisse remains as long as ever./b
The beijing government announced this week that work would begin to widen and reinforce Chang'an Avenue to accommodate the tanks and other military hardware in the parade.
friend in need is a friend indeed. But what sort of a friend is China really to Russia? Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, who will welcome president xi jinping to Moscow on Friday, would like to think that an evermore powerful Beijing is the perfect antidote to western antagonism. On the surface, the omens are good. mr xi will be the most prominent world leader to attend the May 9 Victory Day parade, which marks the 70th anniversary of the defeat of the Nazis by the Soviet Union.
Admiral Harry Harris, the commander of US Pacific Command, was recently asked in a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing about China’s strategic goals. “China seeks hegemony in East Asia. Simple as that,” he responded. Admiral Harris concluded: “China is clearly militarising the south china sea and you’d have to believe in the flat Earth to think otherwise.”
Tan Jianhua, analyst at Guosen Securities in Shenzhen, said that the big first-day bounce reflected the relative immaturity of the mainland market.
But while Donald Trump’s Republican campaign employed the traditional tactic of sending canvassers door-to-door and holding large indoor rallies, Joe Biden’s, in accordance with social-distancing measures, was almost entirely virtual. Mr Biden’s success means the onus in now on Democrats to show they can repeat those efforts, with run-offs for two pivotal Georgia Senate votes scheduled for January.
Data is taken from Telecom Italia’s cellular network, along with GPS devices mounted on buses and taxis. Images are projected on to Google maps, creatingstrongb “mash-ups”/b/strong (where real-time information is superimposed on city maps).
Eric Holder, the US attorney-general, said Abu Khatallah would face charges in a US court rather than being sent to the Guantánamo Bay military jail. He faces three charges, including killing a person during an attack on a federal facility and supporting terrorists. Mr Holder said more charges could be brought.
I see the problem in a different area, namely food prices. Increased demand from the rapidly growing emerging economies and wrong- headed biofuel policies have caused bra quintupling in the price of some staples such as wheat, corn and beef. This, and not the slowdown, is devastating some of the poorest countries in the world.
It is an uncomfortable truth that those who work in financial services must pay a stress premium. An analysis by employment law firm Fox & Partners of Health and Safety Executive figures has shown that the number of working days lost per worker, per year, in financial services because of stress is 31 per cent higher than the average between 2007 and 2010.
This transformation of the country’s digital infrastructure would have two big implications for investors. First, such a network will cost a fortune to build, proving a boon to companies that supply the hardware.
Mr Clarke hopes to build on David Cameron’s visit last month to create a foothold for British healthcare companies, claiming they should be able to exploit the global reputation of the national health Service.
The growing importance of brands from emerging markets is one of several themes picked out by compilers of the 2010 BrandZ Top 100 ranking.
After the strongbprosecution /b/strongread out the charges in the Tokyo district court, Mr Horie said he had not “carried out, or instructed [others to conduct] such crimes”.
Shanghai Electric itself said last week Wang Chengming, former chairman, was under investigation for “serious violations” of unspecified party rules in his “personal capacity”. His detention followed the arrest of two other directors, Han Guozhang and Zhang Rongkun, reported a week before.
The price banks would have to pay, Mr King said, was tighter regulations and supervision in future. “Financial institutions will have to hold more capital in the longer run and their activities will have to be monitored much more closely,” he said.
China’s long march into space has followed a well-trodden path. The return of the orbiter replicates a feat achieved by the US and the soviet union more than 40 years ago. But it is a skill necessary for China’s plans to send an astronaut to the moon.
But behind the headlines about the stock market there has been another factor driving the push into Chinese asset management: the potential for business from the country's pension system.
“We have strong relationships with our suppliers and are working together to ensure a first flight this year,” he said.
The federal reserve kept interest rates on hold at 2 per cent on Wednesday, as it sought to balance the increased risk to inflation from high oil prices with the ongoing risks to growth highlighted in recent days by further declines in house prices, consumer confidence and bank stocks.
The us department of Justice has opened a preliminary investigation into the $2bn trading loss at JPMorgan Chase, adding to the pressure on Jamie Dimon, the bank’s chief executive, as he faced shareholders yesterday for the first time since the scandal broke.
Even before the “16+1” summit, roughly $15bn in investment by Chinese companies, backed by state banks, had been promised to the region since 2012, according to one estimate.
The timing is right. Sinopharm stands to reap a large windfall from sales of its Covid-19 vaccines and is positioned well for dealmaking. The pandemic has attracted high interest in alternative methods to treat and prevent Covid-19 symptoms. Shares of both Sinopharm and China TCM rose on Wednesday, the latter up 7 per cent.
Students at Nadwa college in Lucknow threw stones at police after clashes at Aligarh Muslim University prompted authorities to impose an internet blackout.
But the cause of the revision was faster growth in business inventories – which cannot be sustained for long – more than offsetting lower estimates of consumption and business spending on equipment.
“We were looking for people who were master of a task and getting better at doing the same task year on year,” says the French executive, who is now global head of sales and markets at KPMG.
A s I was leaving Cairo after Hosni Mubarak stepped down, I asked Esraa, a young woman who was one of the leaders of the revolution: “What was your objective?” She said, “taghier al nezam”, a change of the system. The Egyptians brought down the head of the system, but not the system itself. That is the challenge now.
However, in a sign that reaching final agreement on the shape of reform of either institution will be very difficult, governments used the meeting yesterday to stake out sharply differing positions on what the final end destination for the IMF. should look like.
But now, with exports still weak, quantitative easing in the west being unwound, and domestic economies laden with debt, the idea that the Asian boom has already peaked is rapidly going mainstream.
In every successful monarchy, there is a power behind the throne, and for Kings of Leon &ndash  perhaps the biggest young rock band in the world today &ndash  Ken Levitan is that force.
The recent scandals add weight to Sepa's call for clearer reporting lines and for officials' promotions to be judged in part on their environmental record.
“The Treasury guarantees for every single penny of your savings. We believe that we can weather this storm,” said Ho Chih-chin, minister of finance, after panicky depositors on Friday withdrew more than T$15bn ($460m) from the bank, almost 10 per cent of its total deposits, forcing the government to take control of the lender on Saturday.
Ms Ulrich says leading Chinese department stores have recorded lighter traffic in recent weeks and the outlook is for continued deceleration in sales growth.
A week of tense trade talks started yesterday in Geneva with most sides professing willingness to compromise but saying that others had to take the lead.
“It's for Jack Ma to follow local customs,” says one person who has been involved in Yahoo's planning. “[The problem] does go away.”
The decision, which has far-reaching implications for China’s defence strategy and diplomatic relations, was disclosed in a single sentence buried at the end of a lengthy book published by a government agency earlier this year.
The exit strategy needs a wider remit and greater international co-ordination. There are three dimensions to what has to be done &ndash  monetary, fiscal and financial &ndash  not just one. That is: monetary ease must return to normal interest rate policy  discretionary fiscal stimulus must shift to putting government budgets on a sustainable path  banks' guarantees, and state-ownership stakes, must be withdrawn. The G20 discussion has largely ignored the complexities in two ways.
As partygoers poured into the city, women were set upon, often by drunken assailants, said the police. One was allegedly raped and about 90 were allegedly molested or robbed. Other revellers were injured by fireworks thrown into the crowds.
Apple’s decision to back wide-ranging pay and labour reforms at the Chinese factories of Foxconn, its biggest contract supplier, will clearly raise costs at both companies.
When things were going well for the global economy, the prestige of economists rose steadily. They were the gurus of the age of globalisation. Governments, consultancies and investment banks rushed to hire economists, who were thought to possess vital skills and information. Historians, by contrast, were treated as mere entertainers and storytellers. They were archive-grubbers, lacking in scientific method – good on television, but useless with a PowerPoint and no help in government or the boardroom.
One such lever is just a short walk from Dandong’s high-speed rail station. Built by the Japanese Imperial Army in 1943, the China-Korea Friendship Bridge across the Yalu river is an economic lifeline for Mr Kim. Despite China’s apparent compliance with un sanctions on selected North Korean exports such as coal, the value of China’s trade with its isolated neighbour increased almost 40 per cent in the first quarter of this year, reflecting sharp increases in global commodities prices.
Increasingly divided EU ministers failed to issue a specific threat of further economic sanctions against Russia on Thursday, despite fears that the conflict in Ukraine was entering a dangerous new phase.
Future economic growth in the country is tied to the fate of its big businesses. If these companies fail to have an impact in ultra-competitive western markets, then it is highly unlikely China will be able to sustain another 20 or 30 years of rapid growth.
But Deutscher does show that some languages have features whose complexity outstrips anything my colleague and I dreamt up. Matses, a language of the Peru-Brazil frontier, has verb forms that change depending on whether the speaker saw something with his own eyes, inferred it, relied on conjecture or heard it from someone else. Supyire, spoken in Mali, has five genders: humans, big things, small things, collectives and liquids.
Too big to ignore but too opaque to entirely trust. China is engaged in a charm offensive to lure foreign money into its bond market, which has grown in a short period of time from a minnow to the third largest in the world, after the US and Japan.
IPO deal volume in Europe, the Middle East and Africa plunged by 91 per cent to a meagre $1.6bn, compared with $17.3bn in the same period last year.
But, in China’s regulated energy market, utility companies have yet to pass on the higher costs. They will surely do so eventually, as the scale of their losses is likely to accelerate Beijing’s plan to liberalise energy prices by 2020. At that point, downstream producers will have little choice but to raise prices for the end-consumer and, in turn, the rest of the world. That is because profit margins in most industries have already been squeezed by fast-rising wages as China’s pool of low-cost migrant workers has dried up.
In her recent unsuccessful campaign during France’s regional elections, Marine Le Pen, the leader of the far-right National Front, argued repeatedly that international politics is increasingly pitting nationalists against globalists. In this respect, if few others, Mrs Le Pen is correct. All over the world, globalisation is under challenge from resurgent nationalist forces. One of the great political challenges of the coming year will be to defend the benefits of globalisation — while fending off the arguments of nationalists such as Mrs Le Pen, donald trump in the US and his new admirer, president vladimir putin of Russia.
The adoption of market-oriented reforms under deng xiaoping and other leaders, starting in 1978, allowed private companies to flourish. Initially such businesses were illegal, but they were soon legitimised and later recognised as an essential element of a mixed economy. As a consequence, they gained increased credit over time from a state-dominated banking system.
When China’s vice-minister of industry said this month that Beijing was considering setting a deadline to ban sales of fossil fuel-powered cars, most auto industry experts did not overreact. The official did not offer any timetable, and rich countries such as Britain and France have set distant deadlines of 2040.
In recent months, there has been a welter of speculation about how many toxic assets are sitting in eurozone banks. Now, however, investors face another challenge: working out how many good assets those banks hold on their balance sheets.
There are three big emerging problems with the Brics story. The first is economic. Three of the five nations involved – Brazil, Russia and south africa – are floundering economically. This year’s Indian election was also fought against a backdrop of several years of disappointing economic growth. Of the Brics, China alone is still growing at more than 7 per cent a year – but it is in the midst of difficult reforms. Shared dynamism was meant to be the basis of the Brics story – but it has been lost, at least for the moment.
Bank of China, the world's third largest bank, has started offering mortgages to credit-starved British borrowers at rates that undercut many of the deals available from established UK lenders.
It is an old question: why are some countries rich and others poor? Sir Partha Dasgupta, a hugely accomplished economist, born in Dhaka and educated in Delhi and Cambridge, is as well qualified as anyone to come up with an answer &ndash  which he did, delivering this year's Royal Economic Society public lecture.
The barriers to consolidation among Asia's financial exchanges appear formidable. Paul Chow, chief executive of hong kong exchanges and Clearing, which operates the city's stock and derivative exchanges, has articulated the feelings of many by publicly playing down the likelihood of mergers and acquisitions with other exchanges.
A suicide car bomber attacked the Indian embassy in Kabul yesterday, killing 17 people and raising the risk of fresh tensions in south Asia, where India has long accused rival Pakistan of sponsoring militant violence.
During their one-hour conversation, Nixon praised Mao's writings. The chairman, seated beside a white spittoon, responded that the president's literary efforts were &ldquo not bad&rdquo . When Nixon tried to bring up substantive subjects, including Taiwan, Korea and Vietnam, Mao said airily these were &ldquo troublesome issues I do not want to get into very much&rdquo .
Pico Iyer is the author of "Sun After Dark", a collection of travel essays/i
The third and most important lesson is that one should not treat the economy as a morality tale. In the 1930s, two opposing ideological visions were on offer: the Austrian  and the socialist. The Austrians – Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich von Hayek – argued that a purging of the excesses of the 1920s was required. Socialists argued that socialism needed to replace failed capitalism, outright. These views were grounded in alternative secular religions: the former in the view that individual self-seeking behaviour guaranteed a stable economic order  the latter in the idea that the identical motivation could lead only to exploitation, instability and crisis.
The trade restrictions are the latest development in a feud between China and the US over TikTok, the popular video app that president donald trump has vowed to shut down unless its business in the country is sold to an American entity.
The internecine dispute centres on shareholdings in SJM's parent, Sociedade de Turismo e Divers?es de Macau, whose share registry has been lost. According to SJM's prospectus, Ms Ho holds a 7.3 per cent stake in STDM while Mr Ho, the largest shareholder, controls more than 30 per cent.
“The aluminium market spiked higher earlier this year, partly on concerns about Chinese power supply, and could do so again,” Mr Reade said.
Trade ministers held a video conference on Wednesday to prepare for a Sunday summit of national leaders that may include a virtual signing ceremony. Ministers in Vietnam and Indonesia said they expected a deal.
In South Korea, Standard Chartered is taking one for the team. Every bank in the country would love to do what the UK-headquartered lender is doing: introduce performance-related pay in an industry where salaries are traditionally tied to seniority and length of service. Yet none has dared to confront unions, until now. As a reward for taking the lead, the uk bank will now embark on a third successive week of walkouts, with 43 branches nationwide now closed, and all the usual noises from both sides about not backing down.
The bank has felt the benefit of the changes. Since 2002, JPMorgan Private Bank's total client assets globally have increased from $232bn to $357bn in 2006 and to $422bn in the first half of 2007.
Meanwhile, analysts ex-pect Asian state investments to help sustain the outbound M&A flow.
Regulators are putting the industry under the spotlight. private equity chiefs have been called to answer questions from parliamentary committees in the US and UK after buy-outs reached record levels in number and size. UK buy-out groups have responded by promising a voluntary code of conduct.
Rightly so. BASF’s profits warning was severe. It had previously forecast a rise in full-year adjusted operating profits. Now it expects a fall of up to 30 per cent. But some investors had already thought management over-optimistic. hedge fund Marshall Wace has taken a big short position. BASF’s market value has fallen by more than a quarter over the past year.
The foreign ministry said the workers were handed to the International Committee of the Red Cross yesterday and flown to Kenya to be received by Chinese diplomats in Nairobi.
Ning Jizhe, deputy head of the National Development and Reform Commission, said in an interview that policies would be rolled out to support consumption for key sectors, including automobiles and home appliances, according to a report from state news agency Xinhua.
The dovish tone from the Fed, which is expecting the us economy to contract by 6.5 per cent this year, with unemployment falling to 9.3 per cent, followed an earlier than expected rebound in job creation last month, which raised hopes of a faster recovery.
So as the global financial system teetered on the brink of collapse last week, chinese officials and bankers “seemed as if they were observing events on another planet”, said a senior western banker who was in Beijing for meetings.
The Dutch government has backed european commission plans either to keep in place the current, temporary rescue fund – which has about €250bn remaining in it – when a new €500bn permanent fund is launched midyear, or to combine the two funds’ resources.
His opening words, casual and straightforward, set the tone for a speech that contrasted with the mechanical style of Hu Jintao, whom he is replacing. He talked about the public’s hopes for a better life. The party faced “severe challenges”, he said, mentioning corruption and distance from the people. His words were blessedly devoid of the ideological sloganeering beloved of his predecessor. “Socialism with Chinese characteristics” came up only once. He gave the impression of a modern leader with a lighter touch.
Little wonder, then, that catwalk collections increasingly include snow-friendly clothing that can walk off the runway and on to the slopes, or at least into the chalets and nightclubs that are as much part of the scene. DSquared’s £16,000 Navajo-come-Eskimo super coats (no other description will do), Baja East’s longhair Toscana fur bombers, Gucci’s Fair Isle knits, Iceberg’s sporty polo-necks and — the champion buy — Louis Vuitton’s snow-white fluffy sheepskin coat, which opened the label’s AW15 show, are all likely to be spotted near the slopes this winter.
If negotiations between Rupert Murdoch's news corp and Microsoft resulted in an exclusive deal with Bing, an alliance would make little long term difference to the media landscape. Microsoft has poured money into its online division for years without profit. It cannot afford to fund the newspaper industry indefinitely. Its search market share of 10 per cent is too small to force Google to change its behaviour.
The BBC is facing a possible investigation by a UK human rights watchdog over its treatment of Carrie Gracie, who resigned as the broadcaster’s China editor on Sunday citing a “secretive and illegal pay culture” that systematically discriminated against women.
Fast forward two years and the country is in the grips of a bout of stock market fever. Having seen the market rise 130 per cent in 2006, bringing to an end a five-year slump, thousands of investors are signing up every day to open brokerage accounts.
“Actually, there is no real legal system in the western sense in China,” he declares.
Although North Korea's self-claimed satellite launch in April appeared to have failed, the growing technological prowess demonstrated by firing a long-range rocket unnerved politicians in Seoul. Seoul has also been eager to demonstrate its capabilities as China, India and particularly Japan have moved into space missions.
The May 2006 letter, now in the hands of the us department of Justice, was written by Peter Kurer, UBS chairman and then the bank's general counsel, and copied to Marcel Rohner, then head of private banking and now group chief executive, as well as Lawrence Weinbach, a UBS director who sits on the board's audit committee.
Marion Blakey, head of the Federal Aviation Administration, called for carriers to deal with growing environmental concerns.
Better pandemic management has delivered better economic results. China is the only country among 48 to have reported a second-quarter gross domestic product number that was higher than at the end of 2019. Taiwan, Vietnam, south korea and hong kong are the next closest.
Savills data show that high streets have been hardest hit. Last October, the property expert said that rents on three-year high street leases had fallen 30 to 40 per cent versus prior year levels. Still, the mall format — typically favoured by Hong Kong’s large listed landlords — was relatively resilient. Mall rents rose 2 per cent as a flight to safety in numbers kept occupancy rates firm. Souring consumer sentiment and strained mainland relations suggest the situation may worsen. Macquarie expects the downturn could last until luxury sales bottom at the end of 2016.
This season, menswear designers seem to have spent a lot of time and energy on their coat offerings  perhaps they realise that with global warming, and less clearly defined seasons, a new coat needs to promise more than just warmth. The catwalks were littered with military-inspired big coats, duffel coats, padded jackets and, of course, the classic peacoat. So which to choose?
The next step is to find an “anchor” to fix the name in your mind. One suggestion is to take the first letter of the name and think of a suitable animal beginning with the same letter. I can immediately see two drawbacks to this. If you are busily wondering whether this Stephen is a stoat or a snake, how can you at the same time hold an intelligent conversation about outsourcing or corporate social responsibility? Even if you decide that he is indeed a stoat, what is to stop you calling him Simon or Sebastian the next time you meet?
The second difference is one of geography. For the first time, the epicentre has been in the west. Viewed from Washington, London or Paris, financial crises used to be things that happened to someone else – to Latin America, to Asia, to Russia.
Instead of falling on the news, China Eastern's renminbi-denominated shares have risen 46 per cent since then and are trading at a 160 per cent premium over their Hong Kong-listed shares.
The second aim is to foster collaboration and interdisciplinary thought. Here, the course is going beyond its original aims, since other schools at Vanderbilt - including the medical school, the law school and the engineering school - are now devising similar programmes.
The agreement, which preserves the 50/50 ownership of the joint venture, opens the way to a float of 20 per cent of the company but an initial public offering is not expected until 2010 at the earliest.
There is an important distinction to be made between economic populism and economic nationalism. Many of Tuesday's Democratic victors stressed familiar populist themes: corporate misbehaviour and tough times faced by working people. Al Gore ran in 2000 as an economic populist and so, implausibly, did john kerry in 2004. Raising the minimum wage (which Republicans foolishly failed to do before the election) is a classic populist position. Opposing Bush tax cuts for the wealthy is another. But in places where Democrats made their most impressive inroads this year, one heard a distinctly different message of economic nationalism. Nationalism begins from the same premise that working people are not doing so well. But instead of blaming the rich at home, it focuses its energy on the poor abroad. The leading economic nationalist today is probably Lou Dobbs, who natters on against free trade, outsourcing, globalisation and immigration on CNN.
It was early in March 2007 that I realised that two of the world's markets held each other in a tight and deadly embrace.
Mr Khosrowshahi made his first public remarks about what he sees ahead for Uber in interviews as part of an Expedia media day – comments that were unusual because Uber has still not formally announced his appointment, and Expedia has not announced he is leaving.
Vanguard and ant financial have formed an intriguing partnership that allies two of the world’s most powerful financial players in a bold initiative to tackle the fastest growing investment market.
“The consumer will take a little more time to come back which is why we’re focusing on a game plan we know that works, focusing on affordability and premium [drinks] in metro areas,” he said, adding that he is confident that the company can continue to gain share in the country and is set up for when consumer spending picks up again.
Albert Yuma Mulimbi told the financial times he was dissatisfied with most existing joint ventures involving western mining companies, and claimed they had failed to generate adequate returns for Gecamines.
Google took a step closer to competing with Facebook’s core newsfeed service on Wednesday as it announced a new automated “feed” of its own to deepen its connection with users on mobile devices.
Hours passed while Buffett waited for the phone to ring. Alan Greenspan called once, saying, no matter what, he wanted Buffett to stay. “It was a plea to just sort of stand there at the bridge regardless of what happened.”
The unlisted parent company of China Mobile, the country's largest mobile operator, has spent an estimated Rmb40bn ($5.7bn) building 3G networks based on TD-SCDMA in Beijing, Shanghai and six other places.
So when City lawyers leave practice – often at quite an early age – they find they have no other business or public service activity to fall back on.
Bouchard Finlayson, Missionvale 2005 Walker Bay
Crowned with a soaring blue archway, the four-lane China-Maldives Friendship Bridge loops over 2km of the indian ocean to connect the Maldivian capital with its international airport and the fast-growing artificial island of Hulhumale.
chinese companies have not picked up the global investors that have grown tepid on Silicon Valley.
A crucial question is why interest rates might rise. A benign reason would be stronger growth, which should at least improve prospects for many indebted companies and households. A malign reason would be a surge in inflation. If central banks needed to tighten monetary policy sharply some debtors might fall into severe difficulties, as happened in the early 1980s. A tightening in response to surging inflation could trigger waves of defaults and an unexpectedly sharp slowdown. The opposite worry is that central banks might have insufficient room to respond. In all, high debt makes calibrating monetary policy more difficult.
“How could Chinese exporters keep getting orders when US and European consumers lose their jobs and are struggling to make ends meet?” he said.
An equal and opposite worry, expressed by leading institutional investors at an International corporate governance Network conference in Stockholm earlier this year, is that if such funds choose not to exert influence over companies in which they invest, there could be a corporate governance vacuum that will become more pronounced as the sovereign wealth funds grow.
As Beijing-based Dragonomics Research & Advisory points out, by far the bulk of Chinese consumption is focused on the basics – as in much of emerging Asia. Richer consumers, meanwhile, can prove elusive creatures at home. Indonesian tycoons are as likely to buy apartments in Singapore, say, while rich Chinese are as happy buying designer goods in hong kong or Milan. middle classes are a slippery group to define – particularly in emerging markets, when the income gap is widening
Although the internationalisation of the RMB has developed rapidly since 2009, the fact is that there are a number of institutional factors – the market turmoil at the beginning of 2016 is a symptom of this – that hinder its ascendancy. This is reflected in its limited usage compared to the weight of the Chinese economy, the second largest in the world, and the first in purchasing power parity terms.
Sitting there at a table with my wife and a few people I didn't know, my name was announced on stage by Rhodri Glyn Thomas, then the Welsh Assembly's heritage minister. I got to my feet. The entire hall was applauding. There was a feeling of the most total, pure euphoria.
What might those disasters be? A return to massive protection in the high-income countries is one possibility. But this time the interests of workers and companies in seeking protection are more likely to be divided than united, since the latter look to global markets and global sourcing. Moreover, despite the disappointment of the Doha round, the world trade organisation continues to exist. Nobody has suggested repudiating their obligations.
The hope must be that the Dalai Lama's insistence on moderation is reasserted this week, and that the Tibetan resistance movement does not shift to aggressive militancy. But if that is to be realised, China must reconsider the ruthlessness with which it treats calls for Tibetan autonomy. The chinese government regards the nobel laureate as a charismatic figure with whom it is difficult to do business. But a successful negotiation with him is the only way to ensure a peaceful outcome to this stand-off. Beijing seems to believe that if the dalai lama disappears, the problem of Tibet will disappear with him. That is a serious miscalculation.
chinese authorities have ruled that Mercedes-Benz has violated provisions of the country’s anti-monopoly law – adding another high-profile foreign investor to the growing list of casualties from China’s car industry probe.
The IMF has sharply downgraded its forecast for global economic growth to its lowest level since the great recession of 2008-09 — but fears of another contraction are overblown, most data suggest.
Over the past few years China has emerged as a growing world power. Its rapidly expanding economy, combined with entry to the world trade organisation and a more assertive role in international diplomacy, have grabbed the rest of the world's attention.
On sheer numbers, China is way ahead of India – although a straight comparison is unkind given that the mainland has some catching up to do, having not recognised the concept of publicly listed equity until 1991.
Snow, snappers and sandwiches. The world economic forum at Davos always has its share of snow and plenty of photographers looking for that outstanding picture of a leading business figure or politician standing in it. But the food at Davos is usually rather grander than sandwiches. This year, however, the gathering is likely to have a very different mood to 2008.
At the top of the list of worries for China and its leader xi jinping is the trade war. In September, chinese exports fell 3.2 per cent year on year in a sign that the impact of the trade dispute has deepened from earlier in the year.
In a split decision at a tense meeting packed with activists, the US telecoms regulator adopted new “net neutrality” powers to ensure all internet traffic is treated equally by regulating broadband as a public utility.
Its collapse comes as commodity prices have plummeted in the wake of a rapid slowdown in global growth and a much weaker outlook for China and India, which has in turn decimated mining share prices.
In response, Alibaba’s shares fell 7 per cent to about $72 in New York, bringing them within sight of the $68 listing price and down from a peak of $119 reached in November. Its initial public offering in September was the largest ever.
The IMF was becoming less Eurocentric anyway. The voting share of european union members was cut by 2.8 percentage points in the recapitalisation agreed during the financial crisis. The presumption that the boss is always European – all 10 of them have been since 1946 – was also supposed to be dropped.
The recent slide in the dollar had briefly been arrested on Wednesday following an upward revision to official estimates of US third quarter growth.
What A Grade II-listed house and separate lodge comprising a total of six bedrooms and five bathrooms. The main house was built on the site of a 15th-century fisherman’s hut. Within the grounds are various outbuildings, including a boathouse that has been converted into an office and party room.
The report, issued Wednesday, estimated that China’s budget covered only 15 per cent of the required investment, and called for carbon trading as well as financing tools such as loans, bonds and special funds for green projects.
The scheme is designed to ease the serious demographic, economic and social pressures faced by the kingdom, which has a growing young population  an economy dependent on the highs and lows of oil cycles and high unemployment.
gold prices surged above $1,400 a troy ounce, setting a fresh nominal all-time high after Robert Zoellick, World Bank president, said leading economies should look at a modified global gold standard to guide currency movements.
The Shenzhen-based company said revenues rose 8.5 per cent year-on-year to Rmb239bn (US$38.5bn) while net profit jumped 34 per cent to Rmb21bn.
Potential candidates include those firms that have been appointed by the state pension fund, such as UBS, Pimco, Invesco, State Street, Alliance Bernstein and BlackRock.
The People’s Bank of China bolstered the midpoint of the range within which the currency is permitted to trade by 0.54 per cent — the most the fix has been reinforced since 2005, when the renminbi was unpegged from the US dollar.
In January 2018, it is less obvious what the big theme of the year will be. Some of those who believe Europe truly turned a corner in 2017 would like this to be the year when the EU takes decisive steps forward in its 60-year effort at closer unity. They contend that the geopolitical outlook makes such steps advisable, even essential.
GlaxoSmithKline was caught in the middle of this campaign a year ago, with evidence emerging that the UK drugmaker’s managers bribed doctors and officials with large sums of money. The scandal is among the most high-profile corporate corruption stories in China, with television stations repeatedly broadcasting the lurid details. With the company’s confirmation last month that executives had been emailed a secretly filmed sex video of Mark Reilly, then the company’s China head, the scandal made headlines worldwide.
Mr Zhang, a long-term executive, must reassure shareholders that prospects are solid and a strategy of accumulating stakes in other businesses makes sense. A valuation of fifty times last year’s earnings suggests investors expect further explosive growth. But the shares are lower than they were a year ago.
Having consolidated the fruits of their earlier forays, Spanish multinationals had both the financial muscle and managerial expertise to seek out other opportunities.
If the Fed funds futures market is to be believed, the chances of another cut in the Fed funds rate next week have increased decisively in the past week. This is now viewed as a virtual certainty. It was the Fed's steep cut last month that provided the fuel for the equity rally in the first place.
The most high-profile example is Lenovo, which bought the personal computer business of IBM in 2005 and is trying to turn the Lenovo name into China's first hi-tech global brand.
foreign property buyers after chinese investment in Australian real estate soared 60 per cent last year, in the
When Scott Norton and Mark Ramadan were undergraduates at Brown university in Rhode Island a decade ago, they were horrified not by the 2008 financial crisis but by Heinz tomato ketchup. The bright red sauce was so common in shops and kitchens round the world that it seemed it would be there forever. “At the centre of supermarkets were all these classic American brands that hadn’t evolved in 70 years,” recalls Mr Norton.
Mr Trump’s approach to foreign relations is a blend of family and money and a weakness for flattery. japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe pledged $50m to the Ivanka Trump-inspired Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative — the World Bank’s effort to seduce America’s first family. Mr Abe, whose first gift to mr trump was a gold-plated golf club, hosted Ms Trump in Tokyo shortly before her father turned up. Six months ago, saudi arabia and the united arab emirates became the first donors to Ms Trump’s scheme with a $100m grant. Now it is China’s turn to host Mr Trump. Its president, Xi Jinping, approved a flurry of Ivanka Trump trademarks shortly before he first met her father in Mar-a-Lago earlier this year.
In recent months, Lehman Brothers executives have been involved in increasingly frantic efforts to raise fresh capital and sell off risky assets as they scrambled to insulate the wall street bank from the turmoil in the capital markets.
Standard Chartered has singled-out China and India as top emerging markets where it might expand through “organic growth” or acquisitions.
The authors are senior fellows at the peterson institute for International Economics and co-editors of Debating China's exchange rate policy (2008)/i
So in China, we are now witnessing the early stages of development for what may become the largest financial system on earth. This would follow the largest construction boom, and the largest urban migration.
The former lawyers, who have collectively served in both Democratic and Republican administrations, said that while they welcomed Mr Barr’s “belated acknowledgment” that law enforcement decisions must be independent of politics, his “actions in doing the president’s bidding unfortunately speak louder than his words”.
Home Depot said that its 2019 sales would likely increase by 2.3 per cent from 2018, reflecting “potential impacts to the us consumer arising from recently announced tariffs.” It previously forecast growth of 3.3 per cent. Same-store sales, a crucial metric for retailers, are now expected to grow 4 per cent, down one percentage point from the group’s forecast in May.
The report comes during a period of aggressive fund-raising activity for new global property funds, many of which are raising allocations to Asia to gain exposure to economies that are relatively insulated from the credit crisis. property markets in the region, while not immune, have stood up relatively well compared with the US and Europe.
Germany’s crushing defeat of Brazil at the world cup was an extraordinary event. And so was the metamorphosis of the Tour de France into the Tour de Yorkshire. Both the rout of the Brazilians by the Germans and British success on two wheels seem to reinforce the thesis touted by authors such as Malcolm Gladwell, Geoff Colvin, Daniel Coyle, David Brooks and Matthew Syed – that hard work trumps talent. In Mr Gladwell’s world, 10,000 hours of practice will make you a superstar.
Even where laws do exist, fewer governments can now bring cases without inviting retaliation or looking hypocritical. Unlike the european union Commission, which can restrain member governments using overarching rules against state aid, global trade law generally re- quires one government to litigate against another. Shanker Singham, a lawyer at Squire, Sanders and Dempsey in Washington, says: “There will be fewer and fewer governments that do not find themselves on both sides of the same issue.”
In interviews with the Financial Times, he and others said international co-operation on future regulation was essential to prevent regulatory arbitrage, whereby financial institutions can exploit differing approaches to regulation in different jurisdictions.
As a Washington DC-based political lobbyist, Vince Frillici may not seem the obvious candidate to enrol on an executive MBA degree taught across three continents.
Japanese and Korean carmakers are partly responding to US pain: Toyota’s sales fell 37 per cent year-on-year in December in the US, while Hyundai Motor’s sales almost halved. Japan, also in recession, is fallow ground too. Passenger car sales fell 3.3 per cent last year, according to the Japan Automobile Manufacturers’ Association, which is predicting a 5 per cent fall this year. Some forecasters reckon sales in China could actually drop after registering a 7 per cent increase last year.
“The industry has also moved on light years from private banking when you put down a deposit and earned a return,” says Mr Meares. “It's now about identifying higher returns and different investments as well as offering services such as estate planning.
Even as Li Keqiang, the premier, vowed at his annual press conference earlier this month that China would avoid mass lay-offs, Qianan Zhayi Steel, a private mill in Tangshan, became the latest to start closing its blast furnaces for good.
But they also said that rising consumption in emerging countries and what the World Bank described as a “sense of complacency” towards agricultural investment over the past two decades were part of the problem.
The company’s American unit on Monday said owners of 2L diesel models made by VW and Audi would qualify for two $500 gift cards — one a pre-paid Visa card for use in any store and another for VW vehicles, parts or services. Drivers will also be eligible for free breakdown cover for three years.
“The shortselling game is getting more technical,” says a trader at an Asian hedge fund. “Last year, everything was going down. Now a lot of stocks are going up so you have to do a lot of fundamental work on each company.”
His comments will be welcomed by adherents of the theory of “decoupling”, the idea that even if there is a slowdown in the US, traditionally the world's economic locomotive, the global economy is moving into a new era in which growth in developing parts of the world becomes the key component of economic expansion.
The figures, which even the most ardent non-smoker will find tough to ignore, suggest that despite the spate of bad news in recent weeks from the likes of Unilever and Kraft, food companies that are normally seen as ultra-safe, not all defensive stocks have run out of steam.
Missing from this report are the research project's findings that high air-pollution levels in chinese cities is leading to the premature deaths of 350,000- 400,000 people each year. A further 300,000 people die prematurely each year from exposure to poor air indoors, according to advisers, but little discussion of this issue survived in the report because it was outside the ambit of the Chinese ministries which sponsored the research.
Increasing demand for the world’s most-used natural material, sand, is fuelling mining in fragile natural habitats and prompting a growing number of countries to ban exports.
The White House’s top economic adviser cast doubt over the prospect of a ceasefire in the escalating trade war with China, saying negotiations in the run-up to a high-stakes summit this week had made no progress and a new round of tariffs was likely.
As all eyes look to China for a possible competing offer for PotashCorp , the country’s fertiliser needs are increasingly in the limelight.
On Sunday, Israel’s defence ministry advanced plans for 3,600 new homes in the occupied territory and legalised an outpost by agreeing to seize privately owned Palestinian land to build a road for it, the Times of Israel reported.
Geely, the chinese group that owns the carmaker Volvo, will become the largest shareholder in the listed truckmaker that shares its brand. The $3.8bn acquisition of an 8.2 per cent stake raises the prospect of one day reuniting the two parts of the Scandinavian vehicle maker that split in 1999 — and in the meantime, forging closer ties to generate synergies and new business opportunities for both.
Clara Furse, the LSE chief executive, told a press briefing: “Nasdaq does not have the right to veto or block the operation. This operation requires 50.1 per cent of the votes in favour in order to be approved. We have trust and confidence in our shareholders.”
The vaccine is 95 per cent effective in preventing the disease, according to data released last month from the companies’ phase-3 trial, which involved more than 43,000 people.
consumer price inflation in China fell in July for the third month in a row, sinking to 6.3 per cent as sharp drops in food prices allowed Beijing to buck the global trend of rising inflation.
It is clear that there is a willingness to co-operate on both sides. Security in Iraq and support for its government, suppression of radical and terrorist trends in Afghanistan, as well as of training centres of terrorism in the region (in particular in Pakistan and some Arab countries) and the fight against production and distribution of drugs can form the elements for that.
For Glass-Steagall in the 1930s, read the Volcker Rule for a new decade. Instead of the crude separation of commercial and investment banking, we will now see an equally crude split of the banking business from proprietary trading, hedge funds and private equity.
“It's [an] example of how liquidity begets more liquidity, that attaining a critical mass is so important,” said Kirby Daley, strategist for Fimat alternative investment Solutions in Hong Kong.
hong kong police arrested nearly 200 people in the culmination of a day of protests in which tens of thousands of residents joined a massive march to push for democracy.
Sajid Javid, the business secretary, yesterday announced that president xi Jinping’s state visit to Britain would be crowned by £25bn of Sino-British trade deals. Downing Street then increased the estimate to “up to £30bn”.
Mainland groups have borrowed $12.2bn from international investors so far this year – more than five times the amount secured over the same period last year, according to data provider Dealogic.
Both banks have informally started sounding out buyers for their warehousing subsidiaries in recent months, people familiar with the matter told the Financial Times. Many investment banks are scaling back their ambitions in commodities because tougher regulations, greater competition and lower volatility have hit profits. The federal reserve is also weighing whether banks should even be allowed to own physical commodities infrastructure, such as warehouses.
Asked if she approved, Christine Lagarde, managing director of the international monetary Fund, sitting with Mr Kuroda on a panel at the world economic forum in Davos, dodged the question, although she did agree that it would be unwise for Beijing to burn through its foreign exchange reserves to support the renminbi.
The bank said, however, that before raising interest rates, monetary policy was likely to be tightened by &ldquo removing some of the support for liquidity in domestic and foreign currencies . . . returning reserve requirements to pre-crisis levels . . . and scaling back the scope for collateral eligible for accessing central bank facilities&rdquo .
We didn't go out much - we were too afraid immigration would find us and deport us.
During these meetings we warmed to the vendors to a laughable degree. This was more like being in a novel – the teas, the chats about death and birth, and the fruits of the locale – that we grew rather fanciful in our ideas. They seemed so happy and humorous in their setting, we were bound to be too. If they couldn't be our parents, might we one day grow into them? Would our children become doctors as theirs had? It was on the tip of my tongue to ask if there was any possibility they might stay on with us as house guests, but these sorts of knee-jerk invitations have got me into a great deal of hot water in the past.
if the result is only more attacks
In December, production of natural gas began from the giant Zohr field 150 miles off the Egyptian coast in the eastern Mediterranean. First, supplies from the field — which, with reserves estimated at 30tn cubic feet, is one of the largest discoveries of the last two decades — reached Port Said  production is set to rise to 2.7 bcf/day by 2019. Its development in little more than two years represents a great success for the operating company, Italy' s Eni. A number of smaller developments, including BP' s West Nile Delta field, are adding to supplies.
Michael Dell’s first fortune came from selling made-to-order PCs. But the type of engineering that is about to get him a place back at the top of the technology world is more of the financial kind.
Wang Jianzhou, chairman of China Mobile, said yesterday the group, which used to focus on buying majority stakes with management control, was now willing to become a minority shareholder in other telecoms groups, especially in Asia and other emerging markets.
Yes, it is true that fundamental economic conditions around the world do seem to be pretty healthy right now. But some nasty problems have cropped up in arcane corners of the modern financial system. Some institutions have suffered losses as the result of investments they made in complex financial instruments linked to us subprime mortgages (loans extended to people with sketchy credit histories). Other instruments in the debt world linked to corporate credit are losing value too.
Yemen’s violent conflict has intensified in the run up to a five-day ceasefire scheduled to start on Tuesday as aid experts warn that the war-ravaged country is close to a “humanitarian catastrophe”.
The fight between Mr Mnuchin and Mr Navarro over who got to be included in negotiations is a nice proxy for understanding the two clashing positions.
Mr Bloomberg announced in May that the inaugural meeting of his New Economy Forum would take place in Beijing in November, in partnership with the China Center for international economic Exchanges, a well-connected Chinese think-tank.
Don’t all rush at once. What makes covered bonds safer for investors poses risks to other bank creditors. Bondholders get securities backed by loans that stay on banks’ books and carry a bank guarantee, and they are protected even in bankruptcy. But covered bonds encumber bank assets, leaving less for other creditors. The long-term reliance on covered bonds or other secured borrowing threatens to leave all other creditors, including governments extending deposit guarantees, with no security.
Woes in the united states subprime market have sparked a global retreat from risky assets and raised fears that companies across the world will find it harder to raise financing from equity capital markets.
But chinese tech tycoons have their own particular investing style and investment targets. The purpose of a family office is to preserve and pass down wealth, which typically requires diversification. But the instincts of this new breed are to reinforce both their own empires and their competitors’, adding to the small group of individuals’ dominance of a huge slice of the Chinese economy.
Because, in fact, many had seen it coming for years. They were ignored by an establishment that, as the former federal reserve chairman Alan Greenspan professed in his October 2008 testimony to Congress, watched with &ldquo shocked disbelief&rdquo  as its &ldquo whole intellectual edifice collapsed in the summer [of 2007]&rdquo . Official models missed the crisis not because the conditions were so unusual, as we are often told. They missed it by design. It is impossible to warn against a debt deflation recession in a model world where debt does not exist. This is the world our policymakers have been living in. They urgently need to change habitat.
The precedent set by the restructuring of Greek sovereign debt risks leaving banks more exposed to future financial crises of other countries, according to the man who helped to orchestrate the so-called “private sector involvement” in the rescue plan for Athens.
Bank profits were essentially flat in the first half of the year as lenders struggled with shrinking net interest margins and rising bad loans. With top-line growth sluggish, lenders have turned to cost-cutting.
A profitable Chinese duck processing company has defaulted on its debts after banks refused to roll over its loans — in a sign of lenders’ wariness over refinancings as China’s economy slows.
Sany, one of China's flagship machinery groups, is set to become the first engineering company from the Middle Kingdom to launch production in Germany, a move that presages an attack by China's rapidly advancing industrial companies on Europe's engineering market.
He now has nine full-time staff and 40 full and part-time contractors as he translates his virtual world company with its skilled avatars into the real world to meet the needs of clients such as General Motors, Toyota, Intel, Sun, Diageo, 20th Century Fox and Warner Brothers.
barack obama will have vastly greater power to appoint nominees to cabinet posts and the judiciary after Senate Democrats yesterday forced the biggest change in half a century to the chamber’s rules.
China’s two largest online video companies will combine, aiming to create a profitable market leader in the fast-growing but fiercely competitive industry.
The UK lender could make £140m to £150m from such a deal, according to agents familiar with the building at 25 Gresham Street in the City. It does not intend to move out of the building, but would negotiate a long lease with any potential buyer. Lloyds declined to comment.
China saves about half of its annual output. The financial system that intermediates these resources is dominated by an inept banking system. So these resources have been misallocated to inefficient investment that features rapidly diminishing productivity, little job creation and enormous waste. Worse, the dependency on credit-financed investment to boost growth has led to mounting risks, as potential bad loans pile up.
The question for nearly everyone is “where next” for the offshore currency since only companies with strict documentation proving a business need can use the arbitrage to repatriate offshore renminbi. The general move partially mirrors the scramble back to dollars seen elsewhere, notably in the Korean won and Brazilian real. Add to this growing investor fears that China’s own slowdown is quickening pace and there is reason to suspect the new gap could persist for some time.
“There is a direct correlation between rising inequality in Nepal and conflicts in some of its provinces,” he said.
Mr Buffett, who refused to attend a hearing on the causes of the financial crisis until he was forced by a subpoena, appeared alongside Ray McDaniel, chief executive of Moody's.
“This includes instances of customers misusing Paycheck Protection Program loans, unemployment benefits and other government programmes. Some employees have fallen short, too,” the bank’s operating committee wrote in a memo to all employees.
Canberra’s proposed crackdown on chinese government influence in Australia has prompted a bitter split among academics, following claims the policy is driven by racism and is stigmatising Chinese Australians.
Go for the bells and whistles model, the 1.6 CRDi diesel, and the price is a much less reasonable-sounding &pound 14,245 – until you look at the &pound 17,000-plus tag for a similarly specified Golf or Focus. The literal translation of Kia, which is also building a $1bn plant in the US, is “arising out of Asia”. And how
People with knowledge of financial economics may be further surprised that this year Eugene Fama and Robert Shiller are both recipients . Prof Fama made his name by developing the efficient market hypothesis, long the cornerstone of finance theory. Prof Shiller is the most prominent critic of that hypothesis. It is like awarding the physics prize jointly to Ptolemy for his theory that the Earth is the centre of the universe, and to Copernicus for showing it is not.
In the chess club, status is earned, and only by a high average score. If my friend accepts a challenge and wins, his score rises. If he loses it falls. If they reach stalemate, his and his opponent’s scores still fall, but not by so much.
Britain could conclude a withdrawal agreement with the EU within the next three weeks, Dominic Raab, the Brexit secretary, has told parliament, even as diplomats in Brussels played down the prospects of a rapid breakthrough.
China’s fastest-growing ecommerce site Pinduoduo posted 123 per cent sales growth in its latest quarter, narrowly missing market expectations as its losses more than doubled, sending its shares down 22 per cent in early trading.
About 4m people emigrated to live permanently in rich countries in 2006, with the US and UK the most popular destinations, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development reported yesterday.
Can we build back better? As governments encourage consumers to start spending again, I have been wondering whether green goals would be subsumed by the need to shore up livelihoods.
hong kong listing rules ban dual-class shares that give more voting power to a small group of owners. The local market regulator is expected to stick to its principles that any corporate structure has to treat all shareholders fairly. The stand-off could see hong kong and China lose one of the world’s most eagerly anticipated listings since Facebook, even though Alibaba has been planning for months to list on the island.
The forecasts, contained in the group’s world oil Outlook, highlight the delicate balancing act facing Opec and its most powerful member saudi arabia as it persists with a strategy that puts long-term exports and market share over short-term financial gain.
If we didn't live like this, I would maybe sing about the beautiful things in life, like love. But I don't have them.
China has tripled the quota for bond sales by local governments to Rmb1.5tn ($240bn) in a bid to shunt some of their hefty debts back on balance sheets at lower rates of interest. Ultimately this is set to reach Rmb3.5tn, according to local media.
China yesterday issued landmark rules allowing foreign banks to offer a full range of services to local customers  a liberalisation promised as part of its 2001 entry to the world trade Organisation.
The US institution earns top marks in three of the six categories used to arrive at an overall grade: the opinion of academics internationally, an assessment of quality from national and multinational employers, and the ratio of students to academics.
Indian politicians and the media, however, have become increasingly agitated about what they see as an attempt by China’s new leaders to test the will of their weaker southern neighbour in an area that was engulfed in the border war launched by China in 1962.
After a call between the us president and his Turkish counterpart recep tayyip erdogan on Sunday, the White House said the us military would not “support or be involved in the operation” that Turkey has repeatedly threatened to launch against US-backed Kurdish militias.
The heads of Goldman Sachs, Moody's, Toyota and other corporate sinners have been paraded in Congress in recent months, with little sign that being a us company confers an advantage. lloyd blankfein of Goldman was born in the Bronx but he was treated as contemptuously as if he had worn a monocle, top hat and tails.
China is expanding its fund management market by allowing securities firms, insurance companies and private fund managers to launch retail funds via asset management arms.
The long-awaited investment to kick start the Hinkley Point reactor came as mr xi met with prime minister david cameron at Downing Street this afternoon.
That is something you need to be constantly aware of. What might seem a doddle for anyone under 60 can prove an insurmountable hurdle for those half as old again. Distances and gradients must be thought through in advance. Because once you've set off, there's no turning back.
ByteDance, the $75bn Chinese start-up that owns the short-form video app TikTok, is eyeing an initial public offering in hong kong as soon as the first quarter of next year, according to two people briefed on its plans.
The sharp fall in prices for corn – down 36.5 per cent from a record high of $7.65 set in June during the peak of the flooding – wheat and soyabean are likely to alleviate concerns about global food inflation.
Apple has promoted Sir Jonathan Ive to a new role as chief design officer, in a move that will consolidate the British designer’s hold on the direction of new products at the world’s most valuable company.
Vikram Pandit shocked Wall St yesterday by resigning as chief executive at Citigroupafter a clash with the board over a series of recent missteps by the bank, according to people close to the situation.
Shares in inner mongolia Yili Industrial fell by the limit of 10 per cent in Hong Kong. xinhua news agency said Yili, an official sponsor of the beijing olympics and one of China's best-known food brands, had recalled all unsold milk powder. Yili could not be reached for comment.
"For me, the Allianz guy was a very respected neighbour who I knew everyone would turn to when they had a problem. That is something I value today, that lots of our agents are there for generations, passing on business knowledge," he says. "Agents are part of the community, they are not going to run away . . . They face their clients every day. It gives the whole system a lot of credibility."
For proper historical perspective — and a sense of déjà vu — it is worth taking a look at a timely new documentary that opened last weekend at the new york Film Festival. Watergate — Or How We Learned to Stop an Out-Of-Control President, is directed by Charles Ferguson, an entrepreneur-turned-documentarian who earned an Oscar back in 2011 for a film about the great financial crisis, Inside Job (disclosure: I appeared in that movie), after making an earlier documentary about the Iraq war.
Two companies Chan of Threadneedle likes are Megniu, a dairy company which has diversified beyond milk, and Agile Properties, which builds properties in southern China. Geffen's favourites are China Life, the insurer, and Petro China, the oil company. He argues that life insurance is a better way to gain financial exposure than banks or card issuers. "If you want to benefit from the growth of the consumer and their savings, insurers give you much quicker access," he says.
However, most companies said the impact would be felt largely in the second quarter. The March 11 earthquake happened only three weeks before the end of the first quarter for most companies, which meant that shortages of Japanese parts had little impact until April.
But mr obama said a “remarkable” amount of progress had been made by the US and Russia in recent weeks – and that the international community was now in a “better position to stop the Assad regime using poison gas again”.
Digital companies such as Facebook and Google will soon have to pay taxes regardless of their physical presence or measured profits in a country after G20 finance ministers agreed to accelerate a radical shake-up of cross-border corporate tax.
While such positive news has helped restore confidence, a global recovery is not assured. This is no time to be complacent. The world faces several new challenges that will require leadership from the G20.
Analysts said the market had been reined in by robust chinese gross domestic product data, which fuelled concerns of further monetary tightening.
Yet with its communist slogans having less traction, the party in recent years has been happy to embrace aspects of Confucius as some of his teachings dovetail usefully with the official rhetoric about creating a "harmonious society".
The bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protests in tiananmen square almost three decades ago saved China from a Russia-style meltdown, according to a strongly held view among the generation that will enjoy unprecedented international clout as it takes up the baton of power in Beijing.
mr hu said: “To remember history is not to nurse hatred but to use it as a mirror to look forward. Cherish peace and let the Chinese and Japanese people be friends for generations.”
international banks will have to hold more assets in their subsidiaries if they want to avoid a re-run of the chaos caused by the fall of Lehman Brothers, according to PwC, administrators for the European operations of the collapsed bank.
But the proposed deal remains unconfirmed because it is facing resistance from parts of the European Parliament, which must support Ms von der Leyen’s appointment. german chancellor angela merkel had to abstain on the deal, because of resistance from some of her party’s coalition partners in Berlin.
Just months after striking a £10bn deal to sell eventually the whole of Alliance Boots, chairman Stefano Pessina has taken a minority stake in a Chinese pharmaceutical wholesaler.
The finance ministers, meeting last night in Luxembourg, were set to call for a close examination of the role of credit rating agencies, especially in relation to structured finance instruments, conflicts of interest, transparency of rating methods and delays in reassessing rating.
david cameron is among those who argue that the advent of the internet should not upset that apparent balance between security and privacy. Speaking in January, the british prime minister pointed out that it has always been “possible to read someone’s letter, to listen to someone’s call”, and insisted that he was not “going to allow a means of communication where it simply is not possible to do that”. Many understood him to be taking aim at internet communications services that use end-to-end encryption, a now-common technology that makes it impossible to read messages even if they are intercepted in transit.
US design company Knoll has experimented with children’s versions of classic designs since 2004, producing miniature versions of a number of its well-known furniture pieces such as the Jens Risom side chair.
Take the demonisation of fossil fuels. It makes for a nice narrative and creates the illusion of a simple solution. Yet this focus hurts the competitiveness of energy-intensive European industries, such as manufacturing, leading them to outsource production to countries where legislation is more lax. The EU, which represents only a tenth of worldwide emissions, feels clean but the global total continues to grow.
Zhu Haibin, an analyst at Everbright Securities in Shanghai, said the market had also been pushed lower by the news that Ping An, China's second largest life insurer, had received approval to issue 1.15bn shares over the next two weeks.
Some of the biggest law firms on wall street are scrambling to shore up their defences against cyber attacks, in the wake of a raid by Chinese hackers which led to millions of dollars of profits from insider trading.
The US is determined to choke off external funding to Iran because we want to prevent it from financing missile development, fomenting regional conflicts and funding terrorist networks.
Whatever China has done in the past, the idea that it is intervening to gain a competitive advantage is absurd. Terrified of a vicious circle of a sliding currency and uncontrolled capital flight — of the kind that rocked world markets in August 2015 — Beijing has spent billions of dollars in recent years propping the renminbi up, not pushing it down
For Bank of China, taking a stake in the Rothschild French private banking operation is intended to provide it with more expertise for its newly wealthy customers. The bank is the country's third-largest lender and the most international by virtue of its history as the official foreign currency handler under the centrally-planned economy of the communist era.
The pressure is a result of what Chinese executives and analysts say is a Beijing policy to improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions that is finally starting to hurt local industry.
Christian Dior/b was yesterday scrambling to avoid a chinese consumer backlash over Tibet after the actress Sharon Stone, who is a model for the group, suggested the Sichuan earthquake might have been retribution for Beijing's policies in Tibet.
Jean Tirole became the second Frenchman to receive a nobel prize this year, winning the Economic Sciences award for his research into curtailing the power of oligopolies.
Bouts of financial turmoil that knock down equities and other risk assets have been followed by periods of relative calm that spurred a rebound in sentiment and market performance.
Executives from Huawei and ZTE, the leading Chinese telecommunications equipment groups, have strongly denied that their companies have strong ties to Beijing or pose a national security risk to the US.
The Pentagon said the USS William P Lawrence had conducted a “routine freedom of navigation operation” near Fiery Cross, a feature in the Spratly island chain that is claimed by the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam.
Almost half of Hong Kong’s tycoons lost a portion of their wealth over the past year as a result of China’s economic slowdown and a softening property market, according to the latest Forbes Rich List.
Sir, Mure Dickie's article “Japan sees its treasured status of number two power slip away” (February 23), on Japan's impending loss of its status as the world's second largest economy, is interesting, but one should not take the aggregate gross domestic product ranking too seriously as a measurement of development. Even after it overtakes Japan as the second largest economy, China will still be a developing nation for a long time to come.
This is not, as you might imagine, the latest summary of aspirations from a campaign group such as Greenpeace or Friends of the Earth. Nor is it an ambitious claim by one of the renewables trade associations. In fact, all the statements above are drawn from a serious, considered projection produced by McKinsey, the global management consultancy business.
Impressive as these are, what most intrigued me was taking advantage of our Viennese friends' local knowledge and spending time in places that had been feeding the Viennese for decades and would give a distinctive flavour of the city. Not surprisingly, perhaps, there were no disappointments.
The dirty little secret of leadership is that it is not nearly as stressful as being a subordinate. Lack of autonomy and control over your work – now, that is stressful. Boring, repetitive tasks and being excluded from the really interesting networks – this is what makes working life unpleasant and potentially damaging to health. If you don't believe me, read Sir Michael Marmot's book emiStatus Syndrome/em, based on his three decades of research into the subject.
chinese leaders frequently emphasise America's responsibilities for the stability of the dollar as the premier reserve currency. The chinese central bank, the guardian of the proceeds from Beijing's massive current account surpluses, warns obliquely that turning its back on the greenback would risk a monetary catastrophe. It is time, though, for a more balanced debate. To enhance its credibility, Beijing must put its own house in order. In the interests of a more stable monetary system, China needs to open its capital markets and allow broader international access to the renminbi. The US and its allies should insist on this unrelentingly.
“Our collaborations with universities, especially in basic research, not only will not stop, but will increase,” Huawei board director William Xu said in an interview on Friday, disclosing for the first time that Huawei spends more than $300m per year on  university funding and partnerships.
The proposed rules, which could become effective this year, come as the IRS is under pressure from the us congress to close loopholes and increase revenues to reduce the budget deficit and stave off tax rises.
Boosters have been talking for years about the potential for mapping services that allow users of mobile devices to share information about their location. Yet early attempts to capitalise &ndash  such as showing ads on satnav devices &ndash  never gained much traction. But now such devices are going mainstream: global positioning technology comes standard with Apple's latest iPhone. Gartner, the market researchers, estimate that 29 per cent of all new handsets will include built-in GPS this year.
their message to suit the audience and some of them take this
Japanese regulators have been given until July next year to convince the EU that Japanese GAAP meet EU criteria.
The ghost of a dead economist haunted the Zermatt Summit, a new annual event on the subject of “humanising globalisation” held earlier this month. Several speakers at the three-day conference denounced the Nobel prize-winning monetarist economist, Milton Friedman, as a charlatan who had had a pernicious influence on capitalism over the past four decades.
I look around and see that he has pushed his keyboard aside and at his elbow is a box of Fruit ’n Fibre. He is eating his cereal intently, staring at his computer screen. Presently, he gets up, takes the bowl to the sink, washes it and returns to his desk.
fund management executives and industry experts in the city said there were limited reasons to make hong kong the domicile for a fund unless it were meant to be sold into the local mandatory pension scheme. They also doubt that many jobs would be created even if more funds used hong kong as their legal domicile.
This will change. The EU's seven-year delay on full working rights will end in 2011, creating a free immigration market of half a billion people.
In the wake of the storm over &ldquo trading huddles,&rdquo  there are new mutterings of investment bank tip-offs to preferred research clients.
But the KMT's success should not be overestimated. The allocation of parliamentary seats under the new electoral system exaggerated the party's performance – it won nearly three-quarters of the seats with little more than half the vote. mr chen and the DPP still represent strong currents of opinion in Taiwanese society, and even the China-friendly Mr Ma is obliged to pay heed to that on the campaign trail.
george osborne embarked on Tuesday night on a controversial trade mission to Urumqi in the far north-west of China, amid concern that he risked turning a blind eye to Beijing’s treatment of the minority Muslim Uighur population.
How might households seek to reduce their indebtedness, collectively? They can try to sell assets. But they can sell houses only to one another, which would not, in aggregate, help. They can sell equities to the rest of the world, but their prices might crash first. They can default. Indeed, many seem likely to do so. But that would damage the financial sector's solvency and, through that, either the government's balance sheet, via bail-outs, or the balance sheet of other households, via losses on financial assets.
When SJM's offering was revived last month, it had to be pared back again to $494m. mr ho has been forced to lower his ambitions at each attempt, in part because of the deterioration in SJM's performance over the past three years, during which time the company's share of Macao's gaming revenues fell from 75 per cent to 30 per cent and profits retreated from $690m to $190m.
Like other export-oriented Asian economies, Taiwan has been battered by the sudden slump in consumer demand in the US and Europe. The island saw economic growth fall into negative territory in last year's third quarter after reaching 4.56 per cent in the previous three months.
The farm-loan waiver will, inevitably, start a flurry of me-too announcements. Expect to see rival political parties engage in an auction of promises offering sops – free power, free rice, free televisions, free saris, free sandals – to their own target constituencies. The public finances, at the state and central level, can hardly support this largesse. Adding together state and central deficits, as well as off-budget subsidies, the fiscal hole is close to 7.5 per cent of GDP. At a time when inflation is climbing and India is struggling to raise the $500bn it plans to spend on its roads, railways, ports and power supply over the next four years, an extended period of pro-cyclical fiscal profligacy will jeopardise the sustainability of India's growth story.
Gold fell to a six-week low of $1,713.39 a troy ounce, but later edged up 0.3 per cent to $1,726.31 after the dollar weakened against the euro. Copper for three month delivery on the london metal exchange fell as low as $7,930 a tonne and was later trading at $7,958 a tonne.
For the past year and a half, Taiwan’s export-oriented economy managed to surpass nearly all expectations, most recently marking 6.2 per cent growth in the first quarter of this year. Its manufacturers notched up a 20 per cent growth in exports in the first four months of the year, even after exports already grew one third last year compared to the year before.
The writer is president of Queens’ College, Cambridge university, and adviser to Allianz and Gramercy
“I would really like [North Korea’s] chairman Kim [Jong-il] to see a lot more of China, the China of today, witnessing with his own eyes the result of what can happen to a country’s prosperity when you open up to the world,” mr lee said.
Even by recent standards of electoral pandering, the timing of Barack Obama’s WTO complaint against China was unsubtle. So too was his choice of venue for Monday’s announcement. Ohio may again turn out to be the decisive swing state in this election. Mr Obama’s complaint alleges that China is subsidising its auto-part exports – a sector on which most of Ohio’s remaining industrial base depends. His action was clearly tailored to Ohio concerns.
India's textile and garment industry, already plagued by the impact of a stronger rupee, has been dealt another blow by weaker US demand, report Amy Yee in Delhi and Joe Leahy in Mumbai. The sector accounts for about 55m jobs in India and is the largest employer after agriculture.
The US must encourage Japan to resolve the controversy over the Yasukuni shrine honouring Japanese war criminals, in a way that makes Japan a more attractive partner to its neighbours. A US-South Korean free-trade agreement would help restore frayed relations with Seoul. Washington should abandon its scepticism and embrace Asian regional organisations led by the Association of south east Asian Nations, bwhich promote pluralism, enhance Japanese and Indian leadership and socialise China as a responsible neighbour./b
CFIUS, which vets sensitive acquisitions of us assets by foreign companies for national security concerns, typically focuses on attempts by chinese companies looking to buy into high-tech industries.
Yet the value in tech these days is increasingly in services and content, not devices themselves. Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon have a combined market value of $2.8tn, far exceeding any pure hardware seller.
The rebuke to Democrats in Congress was reinforced by a wave of Republican victories in key governors’ races, in Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin.
“It could be very counterproductive for Korea. They have to make a clear distinction between industrial espionage, which is a crime and should be very heavily sanctioned obviously, and [legal] business practices,” he says.
Bullion prices this week hit an all-time high of $914 a troy ounce as investors sought refugee from a weakening US dollar.
Groups such as Total, Peugeot and Siemens have announced they will halt dealings with Iran for fear of the impact of US sanctions— even though their home countries back their continued operations.
Statistics are notoriously unreliable, particularly since many borders are porous, allowing immigrants to come and go without much documentation. (That may be less true since the global security clampdown that followed the attacks on the US on September 11 2001, says Mr Kingston.) Yet by some measures, at least, flows of Asian immigrants have been steadily increasing. According to a recent report by the International Labour Organisation, in the five years to 2000 about 40 per cent of Asian migrant workers went to other Asian countries, compared with just 10 per cent in the 1970s and 1980s, when their destination was overwhelmingly the US or Europe. By 2000, says the ILO, Asian migrants made up 40-70 per cent of the workforce in Gulf countries, 28 per cent in Singapore and 12 per cent in Malaysia.
The 21-slide briefing was a minor miracle: an Asia-themed presentation made just a single, glancing mention of China. This is a refreshingly honest strategy for the combined SGX/ASX exchanges group, on course to become the world’s fourth largest by market value. To be a credible destination for international capital, it has to leave China to Hong Kong, and move on.
"The term became so loaded, it was almost a pejorative," says Paul Shoemaker, a venture philanthropy pioneer who runs the rapidly growing Social Venture Partners in Seattle. "A lot of people used it to mean: 'I've got a lot of money and I'm arrogant.' "
donald trump has forced out his attorney-general just a day after the midterm elections in a move that placed a question mark over the justice department’s investigation into possible links between Russia and his 2016 presidential campaign.
world leaders yesterday called for urgent action to tackle soaring global food prices, while promising to quickly implement measures to strengthen the international financial system and prevent a repeat of the credit crisis.
The inflows mark the best start to a year since 2009, when commodity assets were at the start of a three-year boom, according to figures compiled by Barclays.
The two former European colonies, which both returned to Chinese control about a decade ago, are closely intertwined, with Hong Kong's busy airport and stock market serving as Macao's main global gateway and hong kong businesses, professionals and tourists helping to power the development of what has become the world's top gambling centre.
While declared earnings growth is 75 per cent, growth in operating earnings, profit from actually running a business, is 33 per cent. Most of the rest comes from property and other investments. Strip out those gains and, according to Morgan Stanley, the actual price-to-earnings ratio is a bubbly 58 times.
The head of a little-known scooter start-up that beat far larger rivals Uber and Bird to a lucrative city contract in san francisco has some word of advice to the burgeoning industry: play by the rules.
People who have evaded tax and kept their money in Britain will be offered a deal similar to the “offshore disclosure facility” announced by Revenue & Customs for people who have hidden money abroad. They have until June 22 to tell the Revenue they intend to pay their tax, and until November 26 to pay a penalty of 10 per cent of the tax due, along with the unpaid tax and interest.
Companies as diverse as Caterpillar, DuPont, Microsoft, Procter & Gamble and United Technologies have reported disappointing profits or warned that they face challenges in the year ahead from sluggish emerging market growth and the strong domestic currency.
“We have not found anything that appears to be objects from the aircraft let alone the aircraft,” Datuk Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, director-general of Malaysia’s Department of Civil Aviation, said on Monday in Kuala Lumpur. “We will be intensifying our efforts to locate the aircraft.”
"Often, the grantor of the trust is trying to prevent a beneficiary from dropping out of society altogether or to motivate him or her to work rather than live solely off of their inheritance," Mr Babitz said.
China is targeting economic growth of 7.5 per cent this year, a dovish goal that could force the government to stimulate the economy in the coming months as growth ebbs toward the lower end of the target.
The saga took a further twist in June when Xiang Wenbo, chief executive of Sany Corporation, a rival, denounced the proposed takeover on nationalistic grounds and said that his company would make a higher bid for Xugong.
Last weekend I attended a conference in Odawara held by the UK-Japan 21st Century Group. The conversations and debate among business leaders, diplomats and politicians reminded me that Japan still has many of the world's best companies and the most advanced technologies.
It also offers huge variety. There are seven engine options – four petrol and three diesel – three trim levels up to Elegance and, of course, the two different body treatments. As yet, however, there are no prices, so matching spec-for-spec against BMW or Audi models is difficult. I suspect the Mercedes will emerge with a smallish price premium – the indicator for the 320 I drove was around &pound 35,000 – but then size for size, it is undoubtedly providing rather more car for the money.
The renminbi fell 1.5 per cent against the dollar in onshore trading last week to Rmb6.59 — a sharp move for the carefully managed currency. Traders have largely ignored the central bank’s guidance that they should focus on the renminbi’s stability against a basket of 13 currencies rather than volatility against the dollar.
Until relatively recently, there was little need for "real rate" investments as prices were stable, and there was little demand for them as the pensions industry in Asia was under-developed.
“It is difficult to buy more US Treasuries because the portion of our Treasury investment is already too big and treasury yields have fallen a lot,” said Kwag Dae-hwan, head of global investments at the NPS. “We need to diversify our portfolio away from US Treasuries and we find asset-backed securities and corporate debt more attractive because of wider credit spreads.”
In the past, derivatives and structured financial products have often had a negative image because they appeared to exacerbate risk: speculators have sometimes used them to take highly leveraged bets, resulting in spectacular losses when they went wrong.
Since 2006, the CSRC has been drawing up plans to approve margin trading and short selling as part of its efforts to develop local markets. However, the introduction of the practices has been delayed amid huge swings in domestic share prices.
''It was around 1987, 1988 that I really got into climate change.'' He became president of the International Association for Energy Economics, an association of energy professionals, in 1988, and recalls a speech he gave to the association that year about the importance of climate change, when he urged his peers to start worrying about it.
My only qualification for handing out advice (apart from a desire to do so) is that I have worked in offices for a quarter of a century. I have written and read about the problems of office life for nearly as long (as well as experienced a good few difficulties myself) and I offer a humbug-free service, with all my answers written in a few, easy-to-understand words.
Rapid urbanisation and a growing middle class will continue to underpin housing demand. Moreover, the market is much less leveraged than the US, with banks asking for substantial initial down-payments from mortgage customers.
boris johnson is this month expected to draw up plans to phase out Huawei from Britain’s 5G phone networks, after warnings that us sanctions have undermined the chinese telecoms equipment maker’s ability to supply the UK market.
Data from 42 cities monitored by China Confidential, a research service at the Financial Times, showed that sales volumes during the first 23 days of March were down 34 per cent from the same period a year earlier.
Early summer is high season for the Fast Lane's inbox as the column shifts from being a receptacle for compliments and debate to acting like a seasonal travel agency. Over the past few weeks, some of this column's more interesting requests have been for me to appear at 50th birthday parties or to be a surprise lunch guest for someone's 40th and for my input into honeymoon plans.
It comes round in a long slow circle: the message goes out among the smug, the sensible and the already converted, and gradually works its way round even to the ostriches.
Taiwan will encourage its citizens to boycott airlines that list the island as a Chinese territory on their websites, just weeks after Beijing hit out at international airlines that classified the self-ruled region as a separate entity.
Many people cautioned that Beijing's refusal to budge on developing countries' responsibilities in cutting greenhouse gas emissions still needed to be resolved if the goal of the two-week UN conference in Bali - a clearly defined, two-year negotiating roadmap to replace the Kyoto protocol - is to be agreed by Friday.
There is a not inconsiderable history among the children of successful, prominent Jewish families of getting involved in leftwing politics. From the Marxes to the Milibands, it's a well-trodden path. Few have taken this tradition quite as far, however, as Sidney Rittenberg, scion of a prominent Jewish family in Charleston, South Carolina.
"We drew from all parts of the healthcare space," Ms Susantio says. The incubator programme was also pivotal. After pitching their way in the students received office space and advice from alumni. "This was a huge leg-up," Mr Smith says.
Last year’s hiatus pummelled Tencent’s share price, which shed a third of its value from a January peak. Tencent dominates the gaming market in China, which is the biggest in the world, and relied on the sector for 40 per cent of revenues in the three months to the end of September.
The approvals also come as China’s slowing economy and falling domestic interest rates spur capital outflows. Expanding inbound bond investment could help hedge against this.
“We'd prefer it if there was no graffiti because now there are many tourists. If they [all] leave their names on the monument, it will be filled with names and dates,” Osticresi said.
The website of People’s Daily, mouthpiece of the chinese communist party, said local government officials in eastern china were investigating reports that Zhang Yimou “has at least seven children”, some of them out of wedlock, in violation of a policy which is applied strictly to ordinary Chinese but frequently flouted by celebrities.
Prosecutors arrested Mr Ghosn on suspicion of understating his pay in financial statements. Ten days on, he remains at the Tokyo Detention Centre, the exact allegations against him still unknown. Even if no charges are brought, however, this case was clearly a huge failure of corporate safeguards and internal control. Every Nissan board member bears some responsibility. There are lessons here for others.
The chinese government has warned that bilateral exchanges could continue to suffer unless Berlin acted to improve the “political atmosphere” damaged by the September meeting between Angela Merkel, German chancellor, and the Dalai Lama, the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader.
When China doubled the renminbi’s trading band on Saturday, the central bank proclaimed that it was a move to let market forces determine the value of the long-controlled currency.
The original sales to foreigners of strategic stakes in state-owned chinese banks were heavily criticised in some quarters within China and remain a sensitive topic for the current leadership.
Thailand's government declared a state of emergency last night after protesters demanding the resignation of Abhisit Vejjajiva, the prime minister, invaded the country's parliament compound and forced his deputy to flee by helicopter.
“On this score the Belt and Road co-operation could be deemed as ‘A Gift to Europe’,” the report said.
“China has now reached a turning point in its development path,” said Robert Zoellick, World Bank president, in Beijing yesterday. “As China’s leaders know, the country’s current growth model is unsustainable.”
The idea of using oil as a weapon calls to mind the Arab oil embargo of October 1973, when prices quadrupled overnight and the US, Europe and Japan, then the biggest energy consumers, saw long queues at petrol stations. The industrialised world was thrown into turmoil by the turn of the spigot. In response it created the international energy agency to protect security of supply and thus make it harder for the global economy to be held to ransom by the actions of a few producers.
Police rejected the application from ms zhang and fellow residents of Qianmen, a historic neighbourhood near Tiananmen Square. The residents say officials illegally destroyed their homes to make way for a complex earmarked for acquisition by Hong Kong-listed developer Soho China.
Mr Sauvant says confusion and mutual suspicion has arisen from the fact that the definition of “national security” tends to vary between countries, leading to accusations that it is being used as an excuse to protect the commercial interests of domestic owners.
This would take to more than $20bn the total writedowns announced by the world's leading banks as a result of the credit market turmoil over the summer.
The european central bank declared that it would maintain an easy monetary policy stance “as long as needed” while the eurozone battles record unemployment and shrinking economic activity.
The chairman of KPMG has dismissed as a “one-day wonder” the insider trading scandal involving the former head of the firm’s los angeles audit practice.
Rio's Australian shares are worth A$36bn ($31bn), so a Chinese buyer would only need to spend A$3.6bn to gather 10 per cent.
Paulson shot to prominence last year when its bet against us subprime mortgages saw it make a profit of more than $10bn across its funds – the most profitable trade in history. It has continued to gain, though less spectacularly, this year.
Stuart Leckie, an investment consultant and former chairman of Fidelity’s Asian operation, said he was “disappointed” at the banks’ decision to launch complex options-based products.
Seldom has a head start looked quite so advantageous. When UBS and Goldman Sachs secured licences to underwrite issues in China, mainland markets were rocking: last year issuers tapped domestic equity markets for a whopping $66bn. By contrast, strongbCredit Suisse/strong, which received the green light over the weekend, steps into a tumbling stock market where equity issuance is expected to be half that this year.
The sheer volume of dollar-denominated EM credit coming to market is worrisome, though. Last year exceeded 2012’s impressive $292bn of issuance and looks set to rise further this year, according to Merrill Lynch. EM companies like the lower interest rates available, especially if they can lock these in longer term. Meanwhile, new issues are oversubscribed.
European policymakers have long fretted privately about the renminbi's value. But in public they have adopted a softly-softly approach in comparison with the high-profile campaign by US leaders. Europeans apparently believe that public demands might go down badly with the Chinese authorities, especially Beijing, who see the appreciation of the currency as in the interest of other nations.
Individual investors have showed a similar inclination to take funds offshore and keep them there. Again, analysts argue that restrictions on links with China are at least partly to blame. First, the government bans the sale on the island of mutual funds that invest more than a tiny portion in China-linked equities. Second, the 40 per cent rule has kept companies from listing in Taiwan to raise funds for expansion in China, giving local investors who want to build exposure to China's growth no choice but to move offshore.
Response: moderate renminbi depreciation
In a statement on Sunday, Martin Winterkorn, chief executive of the German carmaker, said the board of management took the findings “very seriously”.
While the chinese media regulator resumed commercial licensing in December, there has been a backlog of titles awaiting approval, and the games approved so far have largely been from smaller studios, rather than Tencent and its bigger rivals.
A picture map, snapped on one of Hong Kong's rare clear days, depicted what they should have been able to see: the territory's famous harbour, now resembling a river after numerous land reclamations  the Tsim Sha Tsui peninsula  and the Kowloon hills beyond.
Economists have always tended to be blind to distinctions of race, sex and nationality. In 1849, Thomas Carlyle branded economics “the dismal science” for its insistence that a market wage set by supply and demand was superior to slavery and what Carlyle called the “beneficent whip”. His view is now rightly branded abhorrent.
With 21 per cent of the world's population, 9 per cent of its arable land and below-average and poorly distributed water resources, China is already unable to supply enough homegrown animal feed.
But shareholders, like spectators, are also prone to inconsistency and confusion. chief executives are often judged on quarterly performance. Investors generally lack patience. Facebook, say, is being sold off in part because of the heavy capital expenditure necessary to build a sustainable business – its capex-to-sales ratio last quarter was 35 per cent. mark zuckerberg could easily slash that to boost short-term profits.
The global elite increasingly fears so. The world economic forum on Wednesday released its annual survey of the main concerns of its members.
The miners &ndash  Vale of Brazil, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton have already agreed to cut annual benchmark ore prices by 28 to 33 per cent for deliveries to steelmakers in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Europe in the 2009-2010 year.
As the international monetary fund looks all but certain to include the renminbi in its basket of global reserve currencies, the future of the offshore renminbi “dim sum” bond market (named after the bite-sized food) — renminbi-denominated bonds issued outside china, principally in hong kong — looks to be in peril. The onshore market appears to be primed for growth, including the “panda” segment for non-Chinese borrowers.
At the most basic level, this crisis tells us something about the difficulty of holding on to your customers when markets and tastes are changing. But pubs are one of the oldest forms of retail outlet known to man. There have been taverns and inns since Biblical times. How hard is it really to manage a pub? There is a vulgar English expression, which states that the height of incompetence involves the inability to organise a drinking session at a brewery. But plenty of people are struggling to run pubs successfully.
China yesterday underlined the power shift from western car markets to Asia as data confirmed car sales in the country shot up last year and the government said it expected a strong 2010.
The Rmb1tn ($147bn) market, called the Qianhai financial assets Exchange, was launched by the Shenzhen government in 2011 and bought out by Ping An Group in 2015. Last year it became the first exchange to begin selling bad debt directly to overseas buyers.
Restricting foreign participation in China's economy will make Beijing increasingly hostage to domestic vested interests opposed to competition and change. Deng Xiaoping, the leader who first embraced the role of the market, stated that reform and opening were equally important components of policy. It is time that mr hu and his government started practising that creed more vigorously.
The consequences of a victory for the far-right in France would be drastic for both European and world politics. A Le Pen presidency could well lead to the collapse of the EU. She wants to pull France out of the European single currency and to hold a referendum on France’s EU membership.
If the world can no longer rely on the kind of hefty year-on-year increases in steel demand that it has grown used to – albeit with a sharp break linked to the 2008-9 financial crisis – then the plans by the steel industry for how it organises its activities will need to be dramatically altered.
“I have heard about what is going on at Merrill and Citigroup but I do not know about this French guy,” said Li Chao, who spends his days trading shares at a Shanghai brokerage.
He spoke no foreign languages. Still, in 1905 he became foreign secretary. Even then he avoided travelling abroad. During the “July crisis” of 1914, he continued to take long country weekends. Three days before first world war broke out, he was still dithering about whether Britain should fight. He scarcely bothered discussing the matter in cabinet. Finally Britain drifted into a disastrous war. Andrew Adonis, the writer and Labour peer, calls him “arguably the most incompetent foreign secretary of all time”, although the 1930s appeaser Lord Halifax and 1960s drunk George Brown provide stiff competition.
This is an important point as it means that adding commodities to a more traditional portfolio will be highly effective in reducing volatility.
The number of people with $1m or more to invest grew by 8 per cent to 9.5m last year, and the wealth they control expanded to $37,200bn. About 35 per cent is in the hands of just 95,000 people with assets of more than $30m.
&quot The guy next to me overheard our conversation and said: 'What you want is a Gansett,' &quot  recalls Mr Hellendrung. &quot Next thing you know, the whole bar is talking about Gansett beer - the old brewery, the radio ads, the old salesman. I thought, 'How can there be such affinity for a brand and no one was doing anything with it?' &quot
Final results released on Monday showed that nearly 99 per cent of 3.9m southern voters cast ballots for separation from the Arab-led and Muslim north in January’s referendum.
Now, mr de Maeseneire has to manage a company that is a household name from Santiago to Sydney. Every day, the group places more than 500,000 &ldquo associates&rdquo  on temporary assignments in blue-collar and white-collar jobs through 6,000 offices in more than 60 countries. It is a task that involves &ldquo building relations around the globe&rdquo  trills the group's website.
Such a focus on business basics was entirely appropriate, for 9Sky and Mr Cao are trying to do something very difficult: make money providing legitimate music in a market swamped by free pirated songs.
Yet in the blistering crucible of esports, video game tournaments for professionals and amateurs where a $10m top prize can be won or lost on the click of a mouse, the right chair is as important to the superstar players of Overwatch  or Dota 2 as Roger Federer’s tennis racket or Lionel Messi’s boots.
In the latest episode in our complicated relationship with automatons and automation, it is appropriate that Foxconn should have a lead role. The Taiwanese company manufactures the chattering classes’ favourite piece of science fiction come true, the Apple iPad, as well as devices for Nokia and Sony. It employs 1m people in China. It was the epicentre last year of concern about pressure on low-paid young workers, following a series of suicides at its Shenzhen factories. It is, in short, iPad users’ window on to dilemmas of assembly-line politics and management that the developed world last grappled with on this scale decades ago.
It accused multinational companies of turning “a blind eye to safety” and ignoring labour conditions in supplier factories.
Though there are farcical aspects to his incarceration, the outcome of his trial, which starts at the Taipei district court next week, matters. Taiwan, one of the few genuine democracies in Asia, needs to show it can simultaneously root out official corruption and maintain the independence of judiciary from political manipulation.
I was deeply shocked by a recent survey that suggested 30 per cent of job applicants embellished the truth or lied on a curriculum vitae. Can the figure really be that low? I had always assumed CVs were riddled with evasions, half-truths and downright whoppers. As a cynic, the news that 70 per cent of workers are scrupulously honest has shaken my lack of faith in my fellow humans. The only consolation is that people often fib in anonymous surveys, just as they do on résumés, which means the real proportion may be higher.
Schoch does admit that walking out on one’s children, spouse, home and job is unrealistic for most of us. “But that is our problem,” he says, “and it reveals more about us - our weaknesses, our fears or perhaps just the circumstances that press upon us from all sides - than it does about happiness.”
Minority investors are no strangers to pulling the short straw, especially in Asian mergers and acquisitions. How much worse a deal can they expect when government calls the shots?
The case, one of China's most infamous commercial disputes, is viewed by some foreign investors as an illustration of an enduring cultural divide between foreign companies and their Chinese joint-venture partners.
Not only would a slump scupper plans for companies to raise equity capital, it would expose the government to a political backlash from disgruntled investors who will point to its dominant role in the market - the state is the regulator, decides the supply of new shares, owns most brokerages and controls the majority of listed companies. It even owns most pawnshops.
The main culprit, of course, is the funk on Wall Street. With the credit crunch drying up mergers, acquisitions and other deals – and draining the life out of most big investment groups – bonuses are expected to drop by 21 per cent this year, according to projections by the state of New York. The financial industry, which has reported more than $40bn in losses in the past year, has cut tens of thousands of workers, driving most of them out of the real estate market.
China's much-vaunted stimulus package has exacerbated structural imbalances in the economy and may delay the country's transition to a more sustainable growth model, according to some leading economists.
Hopes that power shortages in China will eliminate some of this local production and galvanise imports are wide of the mark. The energy-intensive aluminium industry is particularly hard hit: big producers are cutting production by up to 10 per cent from this month. But inventories are robust and the Chinese industry is not geared towards imports. Slower economic growth will play a part in denting global demand. But more important is China's unwillingness to pay the very prices it has helped inflate.
Foxconn, the world’s largest contract manufacturer of electronics, which is best known as a key supplier for the Apple iPhone, is making a push into industrial technology — such as automating other manufacturers’ processes — as the global smartphone market slows.
The investors are led by state-owned enterprises from the eastern Chinese province of Anhui.
And now for something a little bit special. This is an award for Company Song So Awful I Was Positive It Was a Spoof. The outstanding winner in this category is Shell. Its song is called “Growing and Winning” and is set to “We Are the World”. “We have moved on, growing day by day/Sharing strengths, we practise what is best/We are all a part of Shell's global family/Doing work aligned with everyone.” It is a haunting mixture of pyschobabble, sentimentality and business jargon. Go to iwww.ft.com/kellaway/i and listen yourself. You won't be disappointed.
Of the big kit-makers, including Nike and Puma, Adidas is seen as having had the best World Cup. It confirmed that view yesterday with sales up 20 per cent to �.8bn ($2.3bn) on a like-for-like basis.
Yesterday's decline in Shanghai also led US and european markets lower amid concerns that any faltering in the Chinese recovery could drag on economies elsewhere as they emerge from the worst economic crisis since the 1930s.
Britain lacks a culture of playing these sorts of public games. In Holland, strangers play chess in coffee houses. The same happens in public squares in the great American cities, while parks in Geneva are dotted with giant chess sets. Pétanque is part of the social fabric of France and Spain, while on any evening in Greece or Turkey men sit out on pavements, hunched over games of backgammon or dominoes. Not so in Britain.
Dariusz Kowalczyk, an economist at Crédit Agricole, said the PBoC’s role in previously pushing up interbank rates “definitely reflects the logic of trying to limit leverage”.
Then in 2014, the recession arrived. A nationwide glut of steel production, which had more than trebled in a decade, and a cyclical downturn in the property market tipped steel prices so low that some varieties became as cheap as cabbage.
Today the G8 will meet African leaders for discussions expected to focus on finding solutions to the crisis caused by sharp rises in food prices. Japanese officials said leaders might consider proposals to create stockpiles of grain that could be released in a co-ordinated way to stabilise prices.
As ByteDance’s “technical partner”, Oracle will independently process TikTok’s US data and possibly data from across the globe, as well as holding a minority share in the new company.
The rise in global competition, fostered by the fall in transport and communication costs, as well as the reduction of trade barriers, has played a key role in this process. Competition has not only provided incentives for manufacturers to raise productivity, but helped contain wage growth. As a result, other inputs in short supply such as commodities have been bid up, spreading the benefits of the productivity surge to commodity producers.
It is clear that the strength of the school lies in its founding philosophy, to build a research institution second to none and recruit only internationally- trained faculty. “These are the people everyone is trying to grab,” says the dean. “They want to go to an environment where they are taken seriously as researchers.”
Toys R Us will shut or sell all its US stores, in a collapse set to tip power even further into the hands of Amazon and big-box retailers such as Walmart.
Greece would temporarily gain a competitive advantage from the sharp decline in the New Drachma’s value, but like Portugal, Spain and Italy, Greece does not have the persistent nominal rigidities to make it a lasting competitive advantage. Soaring wage and price inflation would restore the uncompetitive status quo. Without external funding, imports would collapse, disrupting domestic production. Aggregate demand and aggregate supply would chase each other downwards.
Those concerns also apply to Lehman Brothers. But the us government does not have limitless resources  even if it did, the challenge in a serious financial panic is for the government to choose the right place to draw the line. Allow a Fannie Mae to collapse, and the us economy might well collapse with it. Yet bailing out anyone who asks nicely is a recipe for promoting (even more) recklessness and yet another crisis in the future.
G8 also  upheld their plan to increase aid by $50bn by 2010, of which at least $25bn would go to Africa, in an attempt to allay fears they were backsliding on their commitments.
In November, another Shenzhen-based agency, Zhongtian, closed most of its branches amid reports that its chief executive had gone into hiding. analysts say it is no surprise that markets in southern china have been hardest hit. Partly as a result of its proximity to Hong Kong, the region has seen much more speculative buying than anywhere bar Shanghai.
At the Zhuhai Air Show, the biennial showcase for the country’s arms manufacturers, a prototype of a new version of the J-10, the People’s liberation army Air Force’s (PLAAF) main fighter, performed acrobatic manoeuvres including the so-called Cobra, where the aircraft rises almost vertically before nosediving in a sharp angle.
Goldman Sachs has put four senior technology specialists on leave after an embarrassing trading glitch that is likely to cost the bank tens of millions of dollars.
“We have big, big investments with our partners,” said Jochem Heizmann. “Our co-operation has been extremely successful.”
Fed officials made it clear from the start that Huijin would have to comply with the us bank holding company Act, which requires certain disclosures and limits the controlling shareholder's ability to invest in other US industries.
Some of the world’s biggest asset managers are still waiting for permission to sell international funds to domestic chinese investors, two and a half years after winning coveted licences to do so.
Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz brand sold a record 24 per cent more vehicles in China in the quarter to the end of September than in the same period in 2019, and the company has registered “double-digit growth” in the months since, Mr Källenius told the Financial Times.
mr zhang had worked for Apple on a project to “develop software and hardware for use in autonomous vehicles”, the filing said, and had designed and tested circuit boards to analyse sensor data.
China will be the world’s largest economy by 2030 but the US will still remain “first among equals” in the international system, according to a new us government intelligence assessment of global trends.
Martin's solution was for regulators to ensure that the bonuses for top managers of banks - or "systemically important financial institutions" - should be paid in restricted stock redeemable over five or 10 years. He said that this idea was "horrible" but better than doing nothing.
Mr Prince's fans argue that he has done a great job in difficult circumstances, fixing some serious problems and building the foundations for future growth. Both camps agree that Citigroup's performance in the second half of this year could settle the argument.
Tencent trumped Alibaba in the “red envelope war” to lure users on to the companies’ competing mobile payment platforms during the lunar new year holiday.
“You take the high road, and I’ll take the low road…” Two of the west’s biggest retailers have swapped emerging market strategies. Last week, Tesco threw in the towel on its attempts to go it alone in China and formed a joint venture with China Resources, a local rival. This week, Walmart threw in the towel on its joint venture in India and decided instead to go it alone.
To rub it in, economies in countries that do not bother with elections have generally performed better than those that regularly go through the rigmarole of transferring power. Even the late Benigno &ldquo Ninoy&rdquo  Aquino, gunned down in 1983 for his principled opposition to the Marcos dictatorship, said that freedom of speech meant little to those not free from hunger. China's growth has averaged 10 per cent a year in the past 30 years. The Philippines has not even managed 4 per cent.
german gross domestic product expanded 0.5 per cent in the first quarter of the year compared with the previous three months, a much stronger pace of growth than economists had forecast.
The breaks, included in a package of tax policies approved by the cabinet for the next fiscal year from April, reflect concern that regional rivals such as Singapore and China are proving more attractive to multinationals as centres for management and R&D.
The report said: “[The two crashes] were the horrific culmination of a series of faulty technical assumptions by Boeing’s engineers, a lack of transparency on the part of Boeing’s management, and grossly insufficient oversight by the [Federal Aviation Administration] — the pernicious result of regulatory capture on the part of the FAA with respect to its responsibilities to perform robust oversight of Boeing and to ensure the safety of the flying public.
Roy Harold Scherer Jr worked as a truck driver on the long haul to the top of his chosen profession. He later found film stardom under the name of Rock Hudson. Michael Dell, founder of us company Dell Computers, washed plates and was a waiter in Chinese and Mexican restaurants before he landed on a career in technology.
The spread of HIV/Aids, however, remains a serious problem, and the UN said the number of countries with a significantly infected population had risen in its latest study.
But consider the implications for potential homebuyers. If bank credit growth is managed primarily through quotas, rather than the price of money, then every increase in the RRR amounts to an assurance that interest rates will not rise materially. In other words, yes, you can afford that second or third mortgage.
The shanghai stock exchange is wisely keeping an eye on the possibility of listing itself. Notwithstanding last week's falls, the domestic-currency A-share market has more than doubled in the past 12 months and, as demonstrated by the subsequent initial public offering of insurer strongbPing An/strong, local demand for Chinese script is far from sated.
us banks have increasingly sought to cut costs and jobs at home to combat tougher regulation and sluggish revenue growth. David Warfield, associate partner at McLagan’s performance practice, said the banks were likely to continue adding staff outside the US, despite the trump administration urging companies to invest more at home.
Full-year numbers from Industrial & commercial bank of China yesterday confirmed that the world's largest lender by market capitalisation, worth more than Citigroup and Santander combined, and with more customers than Russia and Canada have people, has firepower like no other. It remains, however, an almost wholly China play. That's changing only gradually: ICBC is moving in on Thailand's ACL, supplementing stakes in South African, Macanese, Indonesian and Canadian lenders. But still, assets overseas account for less than 2 per cent of interest income.
Like every other country in the world, China is struggling to close skills gaps in the labor market and to equip youth with the knowledge they need to thrive in a global economy. Demand for higher education outstrips supply. China’s public universities are already heavily-subsidised and the government has limited room to grow public spending. The new law is aimed at attracting private investment neededto expand access to relevant skills and training. With their close links to industry, many private universities are more responsive to labor market evolutions and have skills-based curriculums.
So far this year, there have been 22 completed deals with a value of $1bn.
Industry assets under management soared from $490bn in 2000 to a peak of almost $1,900bn in 2007, according to hedge fund Research. Now, with industry assets climbing from a first-quarter low of $1,330bn, hedgies have curbed their exuberance. In its latest market report, GFIA, the Singapore-based consultancy, describes how managers are choosing to close new funds at relatively subdued levels, shunning the big-ticket investors who ran away during the crisis, leaving them with management headaches and an outsized cost base. Old-style hedge funds &ndash  a maverick portfolio manager on the edge of the business district, a couple of analysts and admin people, a few hundred million in assets &ndash  are back in vogue.
But there remain considerable risks. Global consumption has not bounced back  until it does, China will be one engine down. Exports to the European Union, China's biggest market, fell 27.5 per cent year-on-year in April. True, there have been some perkier personal consumption data out of the US. But, from China's point of view, lower prices dull the gloss: US import prices fell 0.6 per cent in the month to March, the fourth consecutive drop, according to US data.
Efforts to salvage a landmark world trade organisation deal collapsed on Thursday after India refused to drop its objections, plunging the body back into a crisis of credibility.
I don't view Facebook as a standalone application. It ties together as a set of networking tools.b
A year on, manufacturers reported that in October, output around the world was rising at the fastest rate for five years. The jp morgan global composite purchasing managers' index rose to 54.4, up from 53 in September, the highest value since July 2004.
Mr Tillerson said: “China and Russia must indicate their intolerance for these reckless missile launches by taking direct actions of their own.”
Bankers are now focused on listing hundreds of smaller companies that are, like Bosideng, privately owned and often based in regions far removed from cities such as Beijing and Shanghai.
Last weekend I attended a celebratory dinner for hacks at my old Oxford College, Magdalen. Seventy or so writers turned up &ndash  foreign correspondents, editors, documentary makers, freelancers and so on. The mood should have been upbeat, but the speeches were doom-laden. Most of the guests I spoke to were worried for their careers and the very future of their profession. They see the local newspaper industry in meltdown, leading dailies and magazines shutting across the US, radio and television broadcasters struggling, and cuts everywhere. The economic downturn has hammered advertising like never before.
Beijing defended its decision to cancel the summit, suggesting that French interests were at stake. “As France has major interests in China, and the french government and leaders have repeatedly said they are an important partner of China, why they should do this is precisely what the chinese people do not understand,” said Qin Gang, a foreign ministry spokesman.
China is not only the global manufacturing base for thousands of everyday household items, it is also the source of most of the world’s torture instruments, from spiked clubs and electric stun batons to weighted leg cuffs.
oil prices yesterday tumbled below $60 a barrel, their lowest level in 20 months, amid worries that the global economy is slowing more rapidly than expected.
The bill for global food imports will top $1,000bn this year for the second time ever, putting the world “dangerously close” to a new food crisis, the united nations said.
The figures are released today by the stockholm international peace research Institute, which compiles a comprehensive public database of worldwide arms transfers.
Deforestation in Brazil’s section of the Amazon surged 55 per cent to 1,200km2 in the first four months of this year, compared with the same period last year, according to the Brazilian space agency. This is because illegal loggers and miners have sought to take advantage of a lull in environmental enforcement during the Covid-19 pandemic, environmental activists suggest.
These rules are widely flouted, of course. As soon as online worlds were created, a division of labour sprung up. “Gold farmers” in China and Mexico spend hours online amassing virtual gold that can be traded for armour and fiery swords. Both gold and weapons are sold on exchange and auction sites to players willing pay cash for mythical power.
He would not divulge the identity of the third bank, but it is rumoured to be a major regional bank such as National City.
Documents published by the House Transportation Committee on Wednesday show Ed Pierson, a former senior manager on the 737 production line, sent a series of emails and letters to the company’s leadership urging them to shut down production.
How these simple membranes evolved into today's complex structures is unknown but it is clear the distinction between living and non-living was very fine when the world was young.
Shares are being buffeted by macro concerns such as the us china trade war and the slowing domestic economy, as well as rising regulatory risk. Investors are also growing increasingly queasy about the sector’s propensity to burn cash, something in evidence at both Nio and Meituan.
Comments from China's Politburo appeared to signal such a shift last week.
To fund the purchase, GCL-Poly will issue 10bn new shares at HK$2.2 each, representing a 12 per cent discount to the company's last closing price. It will also issue $350m in secured notes and pay Mr Zhu $200m in cash.
But all this is contingent on China speeding up the development of homemade software systems to replace US-made ones such as Microsoft’s Windows and Apple’s macOS. Removal of US suppliers would create new domestic supply chain disruptions for Lenovo and others. Already its share price has fallen a third since April partly because of component shortages.
“I think the global firms have been doing a better job in that regard, like Coke, like Visa. They're not just saying that we are the sponsors. They make an emotional linkage between their brand and customer needs. For Chinese companies, I think they still have to learn,” says mr zhou of CEIBS. “The problem is, no one has really managed to get out ahead of the pack with the Olympics . . . there's just this pack mentality with everyone doing very similar sort of stuff”, says Paul French of Access Asia, the retail consultancy in Shanghai.
She says the companies that received the initial licences have been able to prove their long-term commitment to the Chinese market.
The executive shake-up is one of the largest undertaken by Alan Mulally since he took over as chief executive in 2006. Mr Mulally, who is 66 and faces increasing questions about the length of his own tenure as CEO, said at present he himself had no intention of retiring but that a plan had been drawn up to replace him.
Ms Jiang’s annual household income of about Rmb90,000 ($13,443) is a reminder that most chinese consumers remain poor by developed world standards. It puts the family above the median Chinese income of Rmb68,000, according to the China Household Finance Survey, but at $23,000 in purchasing power parity terms the figure is well below the US median of $31,000.
Rarely can an election with so few voters have provided so much fun to so many people. A committee of just 1,200 of Hong Kong’s great and (not so) good get to decide who will be the territory’s next chief executive, its de facto mayor. But that has not stopped the people of Hong Kong, who are pushing for universal suffrage by 2017, from treating the election like the real thing.
At 4pm yesterday , Philipp Hildebrand, the suave, multilingual chairman of the Swiss National Bank, was due to face questions from members of parliament.
That raises the question whether Rémy’s earnings rating can be sustained. The company is a purer play than others on chinese demand for spirits, so its shares, at 24 times forecast earnings, enjoy a premium to Diageo and Pernod-Ricardon 18 and 17 respectively. If the news from China gets no worse, Rémy should be able to maintain the gap. But there is little scope for a higher rating and, as the shares’ performance over the autumn shows, plenty of room for a fall if the Chinese decide to drink elsewhere.
The PC maker is cutting staff and reshuffling management, according to local press reports. Lenovo never really delivered on the supposedly potent cocktail of a world-renowned brand (IBM) and cheap cost base – not least because you do not need to be Chinese to make computers there. Indeed, Lenovo fares poorly among its peer group. Credit Suisse estimates this year's operating profit margins will clock in at just 1.7 per cent compared with 2.5 per cent for Taiwan's Acer and 5.8 per cent for Dell.
Morgan Stanley occupied second position in the global advisory rankings, with 212 deals worth $743.4m, followed by Citigroup in third place with 211 deals valued at $742.7bn.
A Treasury official said mr paulson was “reaching out on his China agenda” before heading to Beijing for a “strategic economic dialogue” that will include top-ranking cabinet officials and Ben Bernanke, federal reserve chairman. The delegation will press for greater currency flexibility but mr paulson also wants to cultivate an intimate discourse about long-term economic goals with the Beijing leadership.
donald trump was a teenager when Lyndon Johnson, the 36th US president, signed the bill that helped him become the 45th. The 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act gets lost in the lore of the 1960s, but few events outside war and the Depression have done more to change America.
Last week, the shanghai stock market reached new highs, London house prices shrugged off higher interest rates and a new hedge fund invited punters to take positions in the art market. Out in Nebraska, Warren Buffett, the world's most successful investor, delivered his annual homily to the admiring stockholders of Berkshire Hathaway.
Lu Weidong, who teaches at another party school - in Yan'an, an old revolutionary base - dismisses an internet presence as redundant. "All the important media are owned by the party, so we have no need to set up a website," he says.
Four factors have helped shift western perceptions of India, leader of bthe awkward squad/b during the cold war, since the early 1990s. First, India’s economic performance and the shift in policy towards greater liberalisation  second, its declared nuclear weapons status  third, New Delhi’s shared commitment to eradicating jihadi terrorism  and, last, Washington’s desire for a counterbalance to China in Asia.
This exceeded forecasts of Rmb9.5bn and was a 47 per cent increase on the same period a year ago. Revenue rose 52 per cent year-on-year to Rmb35.7bn.
The thin film group hosted delegates from more than 20 developing countries this summer to promote its solar panels, even though shares in its Hong Kong-listed subsidiary have been suspended since May, when a half-hour plunge wiped out half its value.
That represents a solid rebound from the previous month’s 9.2 per cent fall, which was the steepest December drop since 1931, but doesn’t quite bring the benchmark back to the 2,760.17 level it finished November at.
Russian companies are facing tougher loan restrictions from western banks as sanctions against the country start to bite.
Data from Covid Tracking Project, which the financial times used for analysis, put the tally at just over 2.98m as of Tuesday evening and was expected to also cross the milestone later today given an average of about 51,000 new cases in the US are reported each day. The difference between the two sources may be primarily due to Johns Hopkins University's decision to include probable cases in its tally.
If he is right, then the visionary programme this new book sets out for universalising the knowledge economy is not just a nice-to-have, but necessary. The Knowledge Economy is indispensable, too, as a study of how to remedy the political polarisation inequality has brought.
The prospect of a stronger rival to Google was welcomed in some parts of the advertising and media world, where the search engine&rsquo s growing strength has been watched with trepidation.
"The outlook for asian economies is generally good as long as the us economy does not fall off a cliff." Valuations are also reaching attractive territory following the falls in share prices, says Mr Ebrahim. He points to the Indian stock market falling from 22,000 points to close to 14,000 as an example.
The Birmingham-based club is “in dialogue” with HM Revenue & Customs after missing a tax payment, with continued failure to pay likely to result in a winding-up petition that threatens the future of one of oldest clubs in English professional football, people close to the situation said.
The deal under discussion, reported to be worth $5bn, is to build 3.2 gigawatts of generation capacity.
donald trump said he would be open to Japan and south korea building nuclear weapons to deter North Korea, and would consider withdrawing troops from both American allies unless they paid more for their own defence.
Cornelia Tumale knows the one tiny room she occupies in an abandoned government housing project in Manila is no place to raise six children.
For now this arguably makes sense, as the efficacy of traditional monetary levers remains poor. Many academic studies show that China's interest rates have minimal influence on money demand. A big reason is because commercial banks – which still intermediate about three quarters of all capital – have excess reserves and are therefore insensitive to interest rates (as, of course, are state-owned enterprises). The government, therefore, does everything it can to hit its economic growth objective. Instead of untangling the Central Bank's process, the key to understanding China's monetary policy is its bias towards growth in order to stave of social problems.
This week’s data come amid signs of a domestic recovery in China. The country’s statistics bureau said supply and demand had further improved in May after the coronavirus outbreak in the country had stabilised and businesses had resumed work.
In the UK, the consensus among economists has shifted during the week to an expectation that the Bank of England will reduce its official rate another percentage point to 2 per cent, equal to its lowest rate since the Bank was founded in 1694. The overnight index swap market, one of the best guides to official interest rate expectations, has priced in a reduction of 1.5 percentage points.
government officials in London, Paris and Berlin blamed each other for not backing the €36bn tie-up between BAE Systems, the UK’s defence champion, and EADS, Europe’s biggest civil aerospace group, while investors accused BAE of having a muddled strategy that threatened shareholder value.
The success of the bank recapitalisation programme could be undermined by a downward overshoot in housing prices. A separate set of measures is needed to keep foreclosures to a minimum and to fundamentally restructure the deeply flawed US system of mortgage finance. Taken together the two sets of measures would not prevent a recession – too much damage has been done to the financial system and the general public has been traumatised by the events of the past few days – but they would reduce its duration and severity. Once the economy returns to normal, the minimum capital requirements of banks would be raised again.
Even if Greece successfully raised €30bn from privatisations, met all its tight budgetary goals and grew in line with the optimistic official forecasts, its government debt would still equal about 150 per cent of output in 2014. Furthermore, the bulk of outstanding greek debt would be in public hands (European governments, the european central bank and the IMF) and would presumably have some seniority. Remaining private sector holders would then be squeezed into a greater share of any haircut – an alarming prospect for the European financial system and the reason for the scramble to avoid a default.
president barack obama was recently asked what kind of person he is looking for to head the us federal Reserve. His answer: someone who will help the economy grow while keeping inflation in check and making sure we do not create new instabilities in financial markets. I think that is an excellent assessment of what we need, and a good summary of why Janet Yellen, the Fed’s current vice-chair, would be the right choice.
Companies signed $31bn in deals at the show, marking a 13 per cent decline from last spring, as the number of buyers fell from 202,766 to 188,119.
Chief among these during 2017 has been a strong corporate earnings picture. earnings per share growth of the companies included in the MSCI EM index — the leading benchmark for EMs equities — are on course to rise 22.4 per cent this year, according to BofA figures, with some countries such as South Korea, Turkey and Mexico showing a strong outperformance with 53.3 per cent, 40.5 per cent and 26.1 per cent, respectively.
Pledges by George Papandreou, the Socialist prime minister, that his government would “save the country” have been widely discounted by a cynical public. Parliament was expected to give his new government a vote of confidence late on Tuesday night. The socialists have a six-seat majority in the 300-member house.
Anglo American, the UK-listed miner, is conducting a feasibility study for what could become one of China's biggest foreign-invested projects, a coal mining and processing complex worth a possible $4bn.
The other evening I visited the impromptu monument outside Maalbeek metro station, where 16 people died in last month’s Brussels attacks. It’s becoming a familiar European sight: flowers, flags and handwritten notes spilling over a barrier.
A space base would also help improve the image of the island's tourist trade, which is notorious for offering China's easiest access to prostitutes, along with golden beaches and balmy waters.
china international Television Corp, the state company that handles such distribution for foreign broadcasters, has blocked broadcasts of the two channels in at least one province, though they continue to air in key markets such as Beijing.
Wu Chen-chi, directorgeneral of the National Immigration Agency, established in January, said Taiwan was now “developing a set of more forward-looking, active immigration policies”.
Now the crisis has extended to Italy and Spain, and the economy has slowed. The next plot point of the tragedy would be a return to recession. This is not a far-fetched scenario. Christine Lagarde, the international monetary Fund’s managing director, warned with refreshing candour at the weekend that the risk of a recession was significant, and called for urgent policy action.
The job cuts are part of 18,000 across the US software company, amounting to 14 per cent of its total workforce and the deepest in its 39-year history.
Exports in April fell 34 per cent from a year ago to $14.9bn (&euro 11.1bn, &pound 9.9bn), the eighth consecutive month of decline and steeper than the 28.2 per cent forecast by economists polled by Reuters before the data were released yesterday.
More than a hobby, but not quite work, according to an employment tribunal judgment last week.
The US took Olympic bragging rights at the end of a fortnight of events, ending the games at the top of the medals table and leaving China to come to terms with the relative disappointment of coming second to its superpower rival.
In a thinly-veiled call for a rate cut, Mr Mulally said economic and credit conditions were a “big headwind” to his plan to turn round the carmaker, which last year plunged into a $12.6bn loss.
Reflecting these fears, spooked investors sold off almost every asset class in almost every market. all Asian indices fell  oil prices hit a six-year low. Even the price of gold, a traditional haven, fell 0.6 per cent to break a five-day winning streak.
Investors love bubbles, but they also need something to worry about. The latest is the oil price. brent crude is nearly a fifth higher per barrel now than at the end of 2011 – at $123, not far off its 2011 peak of $127. Gasoline at the US pump is approaching $4 a gallon. oil producers may be happy, but everyone from president barack Obama’s re-election team to mom-and-dad stockpickers are watching nervously. They should worry less.
The commercial property market hit another record year for investment in 2006 with $643bn of stock changing hands, a jump of 33 per cent on the previous year.
Loaded with wads of hong kong dollars, my colleagues landed to discover that, in contrast to previous visits, their once prized dollar was no longer the currency of choice. In fact restaurateurs and shopkeepers alike refused to take the pegged and internationally traded currency in preference to their own strengthening renminbi. How times have changed.
China’s national intelligence law, in particular article 7 on the obligation of chinese citizens to support national intelligence work, is often misunderstood. First, it does not authorise pre-emptive spying  national intelligence work must be defensive in nature. Second, the law requires that intelligence agencies respect the rights and interests of individuals and entities. That includes Huawei. Moreover, it is not clear that there is any incentive for China to risk the future of Huawei, a Chinese brand recognised around the world, by asking it to engage in spying.
As pertinently, China has little to gain from such a move. Sure, foreign acquirers, obliged to buy “H” shares, would be required to cough up more for acquisitions – but against that issuers' ability to raise cheap equity at home would be curtailed. That matters when there are still a string of issuers waiting to “come home” by listing in Shanghai, such as PetroChina which plans to raise up to US$10bn. Far from cooling the “A” share market, the ability to arbitrage may simply further inflate prices in Hong Kong. When it comes to liberalising capital outflows from the mainland, China has been conservative, pushing mutual funds which invest in overseas equities – so far, four have raised $16bn and another four are waiting in the wings. The amounts may be modest, but the regulators find such initiatives much easier to keep tabs on.
But the Agricultural Outlook 2008-2017, due to be published next week, does offer a respite in the short term, forecasting prices will ease from this year's record levels, according to a summary seen by the Financial Times.
The eurozone mess has exploded from a containable regional crisis in 2009 to a global crisis today. The simple truth is that Europe has been unable to clean up its own act. Why?
Mineralogy claims the Chinese state-owned company is exporting iron ore from their joint venture Sino Iron project in western australia without paying the agreed level of royalties.
What we are discussing then is the possibility of a disorderly unwinding of the external deficits, the trigger being a sharp slowdown in US household demand that would stimulate domestic pressure for both a currency realignment and protection. If, as is likely, this also weakened foreign demand for US assets, US long-term interest rates would rise, threatening the Federal Reserve’s ability to loosen monetary policy while also retaining credibility.
“There is now a much greater degree of local awareness among hong kong citizens,” adds Albert Lai, chairman of the non-government hong kong People's Council for Sustainable Development and a vocal opponent of the pier's destruction. “The transition in 1997 made people identify with hong kong as their own place. As a reaction to globalisation, too, people feel a greater need to have a local identity and to find local culture and heritage.”
mrs may and Xi Jinping, the Chinese president, had a “warm” first meeting at the G20 summit in Hangzhou, eastern China, according to British officials, and mr xi said he would be “patient” as mrs may came to a decision on the future of the £18bn nuclear project.
Tesla began taking pre-orders in its 215 stores around the world on Thursday morning, causing lines 200-300 people long in some north american locations.
While for some the terrorist atrocities in Paris was a wake-up call, for security forces it had been expected for a while. Terrorist groups, from al-Qaeda to Isis, have long sought to launch a terrorist attack in the style of the 2008 Mumbai attacks, and a string of plots have been disrupted or launched from a francophone network emanating from Brussels. The Paris attack was the realisation of these fears from a depressingly predictable place.
Mr Zhou, a former noodle vendor whose early businesses included restaurants, a sauna and a karaoke bar, began a property company in the mid-1990s and counted Chen Liangjun, brother of the former Shanghai party secretary, as an associate. In 2002, the company won the concession to redevelop a large area of central Shanghai. mr zhou started to attract attention when he was taken to court by former residents who claimed they had received inadequate compensation and had suffered violent intimidation.
Some practical men do not like the idea of a thought experiment. Yet these exercises are an essential part of the growth of human knowledge. Indeed, today’s address by Ben Bernanke at the meeting of central bankers in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, makes it appropriate for one such experiment: to ask what would happen if, in the main industrial countries, currency notes were to drop from helicopters as a deliberate act of policy?
The proposals, which have not yet been finalised, will intensify efforts by the EU to rein in perceived unfair competition from China and elsewhere.
Then again, if would-be investors are complaining that the lack of dividends from Shanghai-listed companies acts as a deterrent, they too are muddle headed. Bigger payouts do not make Chinese stocks one renminbi more valuable. Perhaps these potential shareholders are doubtful about companies’ ability to invest internal capital adequately. Fair enough. But it is current shareholders, not regulators, who should decide how private companies spend their earnings. What is more, China remains an emerging economy, so retained earnings are arguably better spent financing growth capital expenditure than dividends. The dividend payout ratio at companies such as Poly Real Estate, a developer, averaged 60 per cent during the past five years. Never mind that China is urbanising at a clip. In fact, average payout ratios in Shanghai are about 30 per cent, according to the exchange. That is on a par with the S&P 500, which represents a mature market.
Many economists blame Taiwan's uneasy political relationship with China and its restrictions on economic exchanges with the mainland. The problem, they argue, is not the lack of economic interaction but its distorted nature.
The prospect of more smartphone purchases by homebound Chinese has already led to a surge in listed games makers. Shares in Tencent, China’s largest mobile games provider, are at a 20-month high. The company’s market capitalisation is now above $500bn.
Such censorship is routine in China where access to foreign newspapers and news broadcasts is restricted and Xinhua controls distribution to local media of foreign agency reports. But news and data sold to chinese financial institutions and big companies have previously had a emide facto /i/emexemption from censorship
As China’s economy slows and defaults rise, bad loan managers are quietly buying toxic debt so it does not poison the broader financial system. Yet questions remain about whether these bad banks are savvy investors in distressed assets or conduits for a backdoor bailout of state banks.
Failure to avert the fiscal cliff – a combination of $600bn in annual automatic tax hikes and spending reductions by the government starting next year – would probably tip the US into recession next year, a prospect that has alarmed global investors and the American public.
But the deal only came together once the presidents met face to face over a sirloin steak dinner at the Park Hyatt hotel the following night. “Xi laid out in great detail what they were willing to do,” Mr Mnuchin said.
Some of the big wall street names who attended last year, including Dick Fuld of Lehman Brothers, will not be back because they no longer have jobs. Mr Fuld went from being a powerful and influential figure to being despised following the collapse of Lehman last autumn.
Apparently risky situations may provide the best opportunities for growth, Slywotzky argues. But to make the most of the “upside”, it is necessary to remove as much of that risk as possible with planning and hard work. Sidestep the unnecessary blows and mitigate those you can't avoid. To win really big rewards, cut out the risk.
The US Geological Survey believes the Arctic holds 13 per cent of the world's undiscovered oil, while 1,669,000bn cubic feet of natural gas is equivalent to 30 per cent of the world's undiscovered gas reserves.
The number of companies traded on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations has risen from about 350 at the start of the year to 1,271. Fundraising totalled Rmb11bn ($1.8bn) as of late October, up from less than Rmb1.1bn in full-year 2013.
chinese companies signed a string of large energy deals in Iran last year, and China has been the most reluctant of the members of the UN security council to support new sanctions, calling instead for new talks.
I am looking for a new job, but fear that my unimpressive title may be holding me back. I am a senior compliance manager in a big bank but my title is merely &quot controller&quot . Many colleagues who have less senior jobs have much grander sounding titles - for instance, &quot head of corporate liquidity management&quot  sounds more impressive than mine but is a junior position with just one direct report. Are hiring managers going to take one look at my title and put my CV straight in the bin?
Banks across Europe are racing to amend executive pay deals by the end of the month in an attempt to adhere to new EU bonus rules and secure shareholder approval at upcoming annual meetings.
Fast forward a month, and Trump shows little desire to reverse his decision on Paris. Meanwhile, Scott Pruitt, head of the environmental protection Agency, continues to wage war on climate change scientists, roll back regulations and make efforts to defang federal environment bodies.
Rio said it will work with China Baowu Steel Group and tsinghua university to “develop and implement new methods to reduce carbon emissions and improve environmental performance across the steel value chain”.
On trade, the chinese premier called for an acceleration of the negotiations towards the agreement in trade in services and investment needed for the establishment of a China-Asean trade zone by the target date of 2010.
Shipments will have dropped by 60 per cent in July from their peak in January, the Energy Information Administration forecast last week, with the US sending out the least liquid gas since before a string of new processing units opened between Texas and Georgia.
Rapid growth in Asia has been behind the latest jump in sales of smartphones running Google’s Android operating system, putting the internet group comfortably ahead of Apple in the race for leadership in mobile computing.
He hangs up and excuses himself for being late. “Leila! Your new president needed my help, but now I’m all yours. Do you have your hand san-TA-tiser and your mask? Ho-ho-ho! What do you want this year?”
“People’s livelihoods and economic development [in host countries] have been boosted [by BRI],” Ning Jizhe, vice-minister of the National Development and Reform Commission, said at a press conference to mark the BRI’s fifth anniversary. “No so-called ‘debt traps’ have been created.” More recently, the BRI has become a target of domestic criticism. This month, Chinese internet users denounced a $60bn African aid package unveiled by Mr Xi.
Tracinda Corp, Mr Kerkorian's investment vehicle, revealed yesterday that it owned 100m shares worth about 4.7 per cent of Ford common stock, and was bidding for another 20m at $8.50 a share, a 13 per cent premium over Ford's closing share price last Friday. Shares in Ford had jumped 11 per cent by midday in new york to $8.33.
The lawsuit filed by porn actress Stormy Daniels against donald trump has all the hallmarks of a soap opera drama. But the case carries significant risk for the president, too.
Such issues were not allowed to intrude on yesterday's closing ceremony, which featured a reprise of the glittering mass performances that opened the games and a modest taster for the 2012 London Olympics that featured an unfolding double-decker bus and soccer star David Beckham.
Greece’s centre-right New Democracy party was in a neck-and-neck struggle yesterday with Syriza, its radical leftist opponents, in an election whose uncertain outcome threatens to scupper Europe’s efforts to hold the eurozone together.
While inflation was set to pick up “notably” this spring, mr powell argued that the us economy was facing a number of “important longer-run challenges”.
Warned that a refusal could harm her family, she assented, never suspecting that she would spend the next four years being transported round southeast asia to be systematically raped by hundreds of Japanese soldiers.
The ruling by a UN tribunal against China’s claims in the south china sea presents an opportunity for the US to press for diplomatic solutions to the region’s territorial disputes but also raises the risk of a sharper confrontation with China.
The creation of the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (CACC) is a significant step in Beijing’s drive to create an advanced civil aviation manufacturing sector able to help meet the country’s rapidly growing demand for regional and larger jets.
Mr Barrack sensed an opportunity. Using some investor money, he bought the $23m Neverland loan and cancelled a plan to auction off the property. Jackson, spared from the threat of eviction, was not given a fixed deadline to pay off the debt, which passed to a Colony private equity fund backed by some of the largest public pension funds in the US.
What Labor Day holiday? UK-based Vodafone and the US’s Verizon Communications may have hummed and hawed for years about the vexed joint ownership of mobile business Verizon Wireless. But the two groups – and copious advisers – made sure the denouement was swift. A $130bn sale of the former’s 45 per cent stake to the latter was bagged yesterday, the US holiday notwithstanding.
Above all – and this is what may unite the different visions – a postmodern economy will still need (that much over-used word) flexibility. It must be ready to switch resources to meet terrorist threats, outside aggression or all manner of dangers not as yet foreseen. economic growth need not just consist of trinkets or lavish parties for billionaires.
initial public offerings in the Chinese financial centres of Shanghai and Shenzhen raised more than $11bn in the first three months of the year across 50 deals, according to Dealogic data. That eclipsed the combined haul of the new york stock exchange and Nasdaq — which raised $10.5bn from 37 IPOs — for the first time since 2016.
Lower raw material prices partly explain the decline in imports, but economists said it also reflected reduced investment by private companies. Imports of copper products fell 19 per cent compared to December, which was lower than analysts had forecast.
The rouble, already one of the worse performing currencies, fell nearly 3 per cent to a record low of Rbs36.90 against the dollar before the central bank surprised the market by raising rates and spending at least $7bn propping up the rouble.
Citic Pacific, the Hong Kong-listed arm of china international Trust and Investment Corp, said yesterday it had potential foreign exchange losses of about US$2bn.
Mr Sproule says one of the first things Mr Ghosn did after taking over as chief executive was to set out the issues and say “here are the problems”. Mr Ghosn introduced cross-functional teams, which bring together people from different divisions to address specific group-wide issues. This means hiding difficulties is harder. Providing a forum for people to challenge each other encourages speaking up.
The findings have been passed to the public prosecutor for a possible criminal investigation.
Tokyo's struggle to establish itself as an international financial centre took a step forward after the tokyo stock exchange said a chinese company will list for the first time on its main board.
&ldquo People lost so much money last year and they are so desperate to recoup their losses, that they are willing to invest in anything,&rdquo  said Brad Golding, portfolio manager of CRC Financials Opportunity hedge fund in the Cayman Islands. &ldquo Everyone wants a lottery ticket.&rdquo
London-based Man Group, which is known for its computer-driven funds, opened its first office in China in 2012. The company’s global assets under management have swelled to $114bn despite mixed performance and a flagging share price.
Most Apple fans outside of the US, for now, can only dream of buying an iPad, the latest gadget from the maker of the iPhone. But not Apple aficionados in China.
No, it is the office layout that matters: people who sit near each other tend to know the same things, as evidenced by making similar trades on the prediction markets. Social and professional proximity matters very little for the flow of information: physical proximity is almost everything.
Alongside infrastructure, real estate has been the other pillar supporting growth over the past 18 months. Rising housing prices and strong sales volumes have underpinned property investment, which in turn drives demand for commodities such as steel, copper and glass.
industry executives said chinese officials had not cited bilateral trade friction for any of the delays, which have been caused by more stringent environmental checks and quarantine procedures. Products affected by the new inspections include Lincoln automobiles — exported from the US by automaker Ford — pork, apples, logs and pet food.
The calls came as fears that a stalemate could last through the summer forced Rome to pay some of its highest rates on record in order to borrow €3bn ($4.3bn) from the bond market.
On the eve of China’s largest car show in April, executives and analysts braced themselves for a “new normal” — single-digit sales growth after two fat years. Yet some are beginning to wonder if the world’s largest car market is actually entering an abnormal era of flat or even falling sales.
There is a cachet attached to western goods and while it is still considered hip to wear designer sunglasses and own the latest mobile phone, which might cost a month's salary, international companies are not having it all their own way.
Unfortunately, mr bush is likely to go down as one of the most – if not the most – fiscally irresponsible presidents in US history. Who would have expected that a self-professed conservative would allow the statutory budget controls – which helped move us from large, rising deficits in the early 1990s to large, growing surpluses by the decade's end – to expire at the end of 2002? Who would have thought there would be no call for “shared sacrifice” after the attacks of September 11 2001to finance the “war on terror”? And who would have thought that mr bush would back the largest expansion of federal entitlement programmes since President Lyndon Johnson? The enactment of the Medicare prescription drug benefit bill added more than $8,000bn to the federal government's already huge, unfunded Medicare promises. Johnson was criticised in the 1960s for wanting to have both “guns and butter”  mr bush pursued “guns, butter and tax cuts” all at once.
The answer is, well, pretty much nothing at all. If the mainland market were to drop by a further 20-30 per cent, the chinese economy would barely miss a beat.
That restraint has held in check a potentially explosive cocktail composed of China's pursuit of energy security, its neighbours' fears about its growing power and US concerns about Beijing's military expansion in an oil and gas-rich area. The sea is also home to key shipping lanes.
As for other disputes within Nato, the outgoing bush administration was widely perceived to have done the Obama team a favour in December when it effectively shelved its push to bring Georgia and Ukraine into the alliance's membership action plan – often seen as a path to joining. France and Germany, in particular, have deep objections to bringing in either of the ex-Soviet states.
Marks and Spencer, the UK retailer that only a few years ago was seen as caught by a combination of supermarket competition and poor leadership, has seen a rise of 192 per cent in its brand value in 2006. It is up five places at 7 in the retail sector.
Yet when these declarations faced their first meaningful test last week, China’s leaders blinked. Last week at the National People’s Congress, the same assembly that 12 months ago elevated Messrs Li and Xi to their current roles, the government announced it would aim for a growth rate of 7.5 per cent this year. This is the same target as in 2013, when the economy expanded by 7.7 per cent.
The credit squeeze will force governments worldwide to make substantial changes to their budget plans, Rodrigo Rato, outgoing managing director of the international monetary Fund, has told the Financial Times.
“Although markets around the world have peaked or are declining, the very top end of the range of properties has held its own,” says Liam Bailey, head of residential research for estate agency Knight Frank. He points to Manhattan, where prices rose by 22 per cent last year at a time when the rest of the US fell into its sub-prime gloom. There has been a similar effect in the UK. “In London there were three times as many sales above the &pound 10m mark in the three months to the end of April compared to the same period last year.” Shanghai, Geneva, Paris, hong kong and other desirable destination addresses have followed suit.
developed countries will continue to dominate growth in long-haul air travel over the next quarter of a century, despite the rapid expansion of the Chinese and Indian economies.
“The times are such that it's more important for shareholders to take up the responsibilities that they have had all along. We can be critical of directors but the institutions obviously were not on the case,” said Mr Crist, who also called for an end to stock lending by pension funds.
In October chinese inflation soared to 4.4 per cent, its highest level in over two years. The authorities are concerned: high inflation suggests that the government’s stimulus measures are causing the economy to overheat.
Come November, mainland investors will be allowed to buy shares on the hong kong exchange, which should boost demand, according to Mr Geffen.
When Apple's steve jobs made a public statement on problems with the iPhone 4 and how the company will deal with customers' concerns, he drew criticism for not appearing sufficiently apologetic. But given that Apple has consistently delivered on products and customer service, was this merely a case of focusing too much on the individual and too little on the message?
Two events — one that has just happened and one that may be imminent — are swelling the ranks of investors willing to bet that a great environmental rehabilitation in smog-choked China will become a stock market megatrend.
“The US wants to keep China negotiating with itself, keep it rolling out reforms,” one former American official said.
However, moves by China's top leaders to develop Shanghai, the country's commercial capital, into an international centre have provided impetus for a long-standing plan to allow foreign companies to list on mainland bourses.
China is threatening to fine a US automaker for monopolistic behaviour in what some analysts are calling a warning by Beijing in response to heightened tension with the incoming us administration of president-elect Donald Trump.
“Historically we have been at about half the money raised in the US  now we are getting towards two-thirds,” said Mr Echarri. But he said that almost 30 per cent of Europe's private equity funds were coming from US investors. The UK remained the destination of choice for private equity in Europe, attracting 33 per cent of all investments last year.
Admiral Samuel Locklear, commander of US forces in the Pacific, on Sunday confirmed the revelation from a chinese military delegate at the Shangri-La Dialogue, a high-level defence forum in Singapore, that the People’s liberation army navy had started “reciprocating” the US navy’s habit of sending ships and aircraft into the 200-nautical-mile zone off China’s coast.
However, while acknowledging the challenges, few involved in river traffic expect them to outweigh the Yangtze river's huge natural advantages in a country where man-made infrastructure in some parts remains scarce.
Iraq has also damaged America's ability to lead the world in other ways. US prestige has plummeted – a fact reflected in opinion polls around the world. The election of a new president and the closure of the Guantánamo prison camp may help recover some ground. But America's own willingness to lead has also taken a knock. Blithe faith that democracy, free markets and the US army will sweep all before them is giving way to a warier and more cynical approach to the world.
Sebagh, the "king of Botox", is another dermatologist to swear by his own range (naturally), but he also admits to being a fan of Diptyque's Vinaigre de Toilette and says he sprays it before applying anything else (the product is good for softening skin).
“Not all people need to have as heavily loaded PCs as they have today,” says Michael Wang, Quanta’s president.
In an interview with the Financial Times, Taro Aso said next weekend’s G20 finance ministers meeting in Fukuoka, which he is hosting, will be a chance to switch the discussion to a global level.
According to Hitwise, the internet research company, social shopping is still small, accounting for less than 1 per cent of internet visits in the US. However, it is growing rapidly, with traffic up more than five-fold from a year ago.
It seems an unlikely development, given the fondness of economists for convenient simplifying assumptions. (Had Sherlock Holmes been an economist, he would surely have assumed that the Hound of the Baskervilles was a perfectly spherical dog moving in a frictionless environment.)
While participants say the chance of a collapse is extremely low, bankers say a mechanism to settle trades in an emergency is essential.
Two economists known for their work on integrating expectations more sensibly into models of the economy have won the 2011 economics prize in memory of Alfred Nobel, in a bold decision that will be seen as honouring academics whose work many blame as partly responsible for the financial crisis.
He said he expected to visit China within the next four months, when he hoped to announce specific industries and locations.
Back in January, foreign exchange strategists predicted 2012 would be the year of the dollar. The us currency was expected to enjoy strong gains as a positive recovery story unfolded in America.
The Guardian yesterday reported that parliament and the foreign office had been attacked by hackers.
mr liu is now putting his entrepreneurial energy into building a single, vertically integrated national feed business. If he succeeds, such is the scale of Chinese consumption of pork and other meats that he will inevitably have the largest feed business in the world.
Now the sixth-best-selling brand in China is poised to test the waters of the toughest car market in the world. At January’s Detroit auto show, Trumpchi became the first Chinese brand to feature on the event’s main floor, and Yu Jun, general manager, said the automaker was targeting its first US sales in 2019.
It also comes in the week that the US and China concluded high-level trade talks in which little progress was made to update an 18-year-old agreement that governed the $2tn annual trade in high-tech products between the two countries.
global capital flows registered an all-time high of $6,000bn by the end of 2005, more than double its level in 2002. capital flows between the US, UK and the euro-zone comprised 80 per cent of the total.
Seek out those firms with a deep knowledge and experience of your sector. Many firms are organised on a sector basis and have recruited senior business leaders to help bring the right blend of investment and commercial skills to each company in their portfolio.
Many Asians are puzzled. How can the British and Chinese governments announce a new “golden era” in their relations? The Chinese have long historical memories. How could they have forgotten that Britain was the first western power to humiliate China in the Opium War of 1842? Or that the British, in an act of vandalism comparable to the destruction of Palmyra by the Islamist group Isis, burnt down the magnificent Summer Palace in Beijing in 1860?
But some investors say stock prices have fallen far enough. “Buying in hong kong now has to be a good long-term bet,” said Peter Kennan, a former UBS banker now running Black Crane Capital, a local hedge fund. He notes that the hang seng trades at just over 10 times trailing earnings — about half the level of the S&P 500, the US benchmark, and the MSCI World, which tracks developed markets.
Yet this month it was the other way round as Japan rejoiced in a $15bn deal to build a high-speed line between Mumbai and Ahmedabad in India, while chinese officials insisted they had not lost because there was no open tender.
Two men were arrested on Monday after they allegedly used a knife to steal the loo roll, as fears over the deadly coronavirus stoked panic-buying of not only toiletries but also rice and cleaning products.
The growing interest in SRI is not just among individual investors.
GM said last week it had burned through $6.9bn of cash in the third quarter, and warned it might reach the minimum amount of money needed to stay in business by next year unless it received financial aid or car markets improved.
The fines keep getting bigger, and so do the companies. Last week’s whopping €4.3bn antitrust penalty by the EU against Google for abusing its power in the mobile phone market was nearly double what it was charged last year for favouring search results from its shopping service over competitors.
They are also savvy enough to recognise that those new Arab leaders who emerge are likely to trumpet nationalist sentiments, and are unlikely to embrace the Islamic Republic. Still, regime change will inevitably produce governments that are less compliant to Washington, and less hostile to Tehran. The American experiment in Iraq has taught Iran’s ageing revolutionaries that the eviction of an old antagonist is more than sufficient for the purposes of enhancing influence.
A third of the world’s population is suffering from a shortage of water, raising the prospect of “water crises” in countries such as China, India and the US.
Financials were the worst hurt, with Industrial and commercial bank of China tumbling 8.4 per cent to Rmb5.38, while Merchants Bank sank 10 per cent to Rmb25.31.
As soon as we set down our trays on a window table, Koch is itching to discuss his unique, and controversial, business philosophy. Having recently published a book on the matter, Koch is eager to spread the word, oblivious to the sound of "My Heart Will Go On", Celine Dion's tear-jerker hit from the film Titanic, emanating from the canteen's Tannoy.
S&P is developing a comprehensive set of ratings criteria that are expected to be launched before the end of this year. Moody’s and Morningstar are working on similar products.b
A year ago, Kim Jong Un was the world’s number one pariah as the North Korean regime brought the region to the edge of conflict with one missile test after another.
McDonald's – which along with Pepsi was one of few foreign brands to get into Russia in Soviet times – is more popular than ever. Queues trail out of a suburban store on a Saturday afternoon and it is opening restaurants faster in Russia than in any other European country. It claims its Pushkin Square restaurant in central Moscow, opened in 1990, is the busiest in the world.
Beijing appears to be rethinking its singular focus on electric vehicles to reduce fuel consumption and improve air quality as it becomes increasingly clear that its targets for mass-producing electric vehicles in China are unrealistic.
The developments came on the 25th day of mass protests sparked by Mr Yanukovich’s decision to back away from the EU deal, with both pro- and anti-government demonstrators taking to the streets in rival shows of strength. The anti-government protest yet again drew six-figure crowds, this time estimated at 200,000.
Yet this rebuke to the old doctrine of  shareholder-primacy has come during a long bull market. Record profits have made it easier for chief executives to think magnanimously about constituents who have no power to oust them if they miss forecasts.
Both Shanxi and Guangdong are launching energy funds while Sichuan hopes to establish a technology fund. Tianjin has launched an investment fund.
India is already the largest market in Asia for ABN Amro and in the first half of this year overtook China as Merrill Lynch's second largest revenue contributor in the region, excluding Japan and Australia.
The delays are a potential sign of a build-up in non-performing loans and leave investors blind to how many of those assets may have turned into bad debt, as was the case with Baoshang, analysts said.
But now it is in the news for all of the wrong reasons. Last week a mid-level banker sent a 12:30am email to the boutique’s junior professionals, known as analysts, complaining he had just walked around the new york office and found only 11 of them at their desks.
He said the ECB stood ready to adjust the “size, composition and duration” of its QE programme. At the moment, it is buying €60bn of mostly government bonds a month and has said it will continue to do so at least until September 2016.
The OU does not see the iTunes venture as a threat. Lectures are only a small part of any degree and iTunes University does not offer tutorials, course work or the all-important credential at the end of the programme.
Japan's recession, now four quarters old, knocks the spots off those in other major developed economies. So Germany expects to shrink 6 per cent this year? Pshaw. Japan managed that in just five months. The world's second biggest economy contracted 4 per cent quarter on quarter in the first three months of 2009, according to data released on Wednesday. That follows a 3.8 per cent decline in the previous quarter.
The central bank has kept interest rates steady at a marvellously precise 1.875 per cent since July 2011 and Medley Global Advisors, a macro research service owned by the FT, expects it to stand pat for at least the rest of this year.
（注：本书尚无中文译本，也没有任何中文译名）
Why is the Middle East in flames and Russia on the rampage? In both Europe and the Middle East, it is common to hear the blame placed on Barack Obama. The US president, it is charged, is a weak and disengaged leader who has allowed international events to get out of control. Many Americans — both liberals and conservatives — make the same accusation. Sarah Palin, darling of the American right, has called mr obama “capitulator-in-chief”. Roger Cohen, a new york times columnist, has blamed Syria’s agony on the “fecklessness and purposelessness” of the Obama administration.
The companies with higher valuations in hong kong include the two other banks with dual listings - Bank of China and China Merchants Bank.
hillary clinton has urged the state department to quickly release emails she sent from a personal account during her tenure as us secretary of state, as she struggles to maintain control of the narrative surrounding her second campaign for the presidency.
The Anglo-Swedish drugmaker would “contribute a “substantial” amount to the fund, which would have Singaporean sovereign wealth fund Temasek as a partner, and would finance mainly “smaller ventures,” said Pascal Soriot, chief executive.
Industry has been severely affected by the wild weather and power cuts, with scores of factories closing ahead of the holidays or reducing output. Such lost production, however, can easily be made up and should have no big impact on the economy.
In the face of political pressure, Carlyle first reduced its intended investment from 85 per cent to a 50-50 joint venture.
It should come as no surprise that in the warm spring days leading up to the Easter weekend, Americans started to bet on renewal, beginning with the country's giddy enthusiasm for the new First Puppy. Mortgage applications have surged since December. analysts say lenders are set to grant $3,000bn (&euro 2,300bn, &pound 2,040bn) in new mortgages, about the same level as at the height of the housing boom, although much of that may be refinancing to take advantage of historically low rates. The stock market is rallying, with the S&amp P 500 up more than 25 per cent since early March.
Calvin Scovel III, the US transportation department's inspector general, made his comments before Congress as American Airlines cancelled 900 flights to perform safety checks, stranding thousands of air passengers.
If the current account deficit were to remain close to 7 per cent of GDP, US net liabilities would probably stabilise at substantially more than 100 per cent of GDP. That would be an extraordinarily high level for such a big economy. Moreover, one would expect a rise in net liabilities from about 22 per cent of GDP at the end of last year to force substantial changes in asset prices. The larger the US share in the portfolios of the rest of the world, the higher the prospective returns that foreign investors would be expected to demand, to compensate for the risk.
The proposals, obtained by the Financial Times, would also allow the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm, to send fiscal inspectors to eurozone capitals if it decides a country is “experiencing severe difficulties”.
Very likely, is the conclusion of currency strategists. chinese officials have long been determined to lessen a reliance on the dollar as the world’s dominant reserve currency. But they can only act on this resolve at times when foreign exchange reserves are accumulating – giving reserve managers the opportunity to diversify.
The book would appear to have been stolen by the customer, but this is a far more attractive proposition than trying to fence a stolen copy of A la recherche du temps perdu, or even The Undercover Economist, and the risk is probably lower. All rational shoplifters should get jobs in shops.
Close-knit teams are particularly susceptible to the pull of groupthink. The late Prof Janis suggested several ways in which teams can avoid it. Two key steps are to invite experts from outside into meetings, and to appoint at least one person to the role of “devil's advocate” – a role that should be played by different people in successive meetings.
However, the rising price of credit insurance for Morgan Stanley raised acute questions about whether rising borrowing costs would threaten its ability to remain profitable.
The unprecedented move so close to the end of Mr Trump’s term would make him the first president in us history to be impeached twice, and the only one to be charged with so few days left in office.
'Tis the season to pity Warren Buffett. Normally, an investor with an estimated $52bn fortune would not be a natural recipient of Christmas compassion.
“The Libor system is structurally flawed,” mr bernanke said. “It is a major problem for our financial system and for the confidence in the financial system . . . we need to address it.”
For a fleeting moment last month, a cramped office on the 13th floor of Hong Kong’s Golden Centre was home to the world’s best-performing major stock.
“I gift-wrapped and delivered the largest Ponzi scheme in history to them,” he said. Most officials “did not understand . . . the 29 red flags that I handed them”.
The eurozone’s big banks will meet again in Paris on Wednesday in an attempt to end the deadlock with European authorities over the terms of investors’ participation in the restructuring of Greek sovereign debt.
“We will not discontinue activities, but India is forgoing opportunities for future investment,” he said, reacting to the Chennai High Court's decision this month to reject a patent application on the company's cancer medicine Glivec as only representing an “incremental innovation”.
Uber and Airbnb, the yin and yang of the sharing economy, are the latest to try their luck. The ride-hailing app that likes to batter down doors is in a pitched battle with a Chinese local competitor backed by two of those aspiring global players, Tencent and Alibaba. Airbnb, which prefers a less confrontational approach, this week lined upsome influential allies as it seeks its own way in.
Italy’s cabinet will today hold talks about adopting a French-style approach to thwarting unwanted foreign takeovers in sectors deemed strategically important such as energy, telecoms, technology, defence and food.
Nonetheless, China should realise it faces a clear choice. Either it responds constructively to Mr Paulson's initiative with actions that strengthen both its own economy and his ability to restrain more bellicose political forces at home  or it runs the risk that those forces will prevail, with incalculable consequences for both countries' interests. Given the strength of anti-Chinese feeling in the US, not much time is left to make that choice
Fifteen regional banks and savings institutions including SunTrust, Capital One and KeyCorp have tapped the Treasury's troubled asset relief programme so far. Further capital infusions are expected as banks obtain the necessary board and regulatory approvals. While the intent of the programme was to revive lending in locked credit markets, the capital is also providing a catalyst for consolidation.
equity markets across the globe made gains yesterday amid growing confidence that the us economy was stabilising and that growth in other countries was bouncing back more quickly than expected.
For years, it looked as though Chinese producers put more effort into the packaging than the liquid. After all, until fairly recently the great majority of chinese consumers had no experience of what wine should taste like. So the many fraudsters, the sort who labelled questionable concoctions as “château Lafeet” or “Bordeaux Port”, could get away with murder.
David Li, chairman of Bank of East Asia, said the move would help hong kong become the testing ground for full convertibility of the renminbi.
The flood of money has inevitably affected valuations. While multiples of enterprise value to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation for PE deals in the US averaged 10 times, in Asia-Pacific that figure was 17. According to both Preqin and Bain, a majority of PE investors are concerned about valuations.
There has been an extensive debate about the best economic models to use. In recent work, this group simply argues that “if the correct Brexit policies are fed in, it seems that all of the models produce directionally the same results — all clustered around a positive 2 per cent to 4 per cent of GDP range” from unilateral free trade, under world trade organization rules. Yet such results are the opposite of those of almost all other economists. The differences are due to varying assumptions, as Alasdair Smith of Sussex University told the House of Commons Treasury and international trade Committees’ joint inquiry in May.
Beijing is expected to seek reassurance about energy supplies, though Dubai investment bankers say it is unlikely that these talks will result in any direct Chinese stakes in Gulf companies.
Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's president, told Nicolas Sarkozy, France's president, that Russian forces would begin their withdrawal today, moving towards South Ossetia and a security zone that roughly coincides with its borders, according to the Kremlin.
After initially denying working for China, Ms Claiborne admitted to FBI agents on Tuesday that she had helped Chinese intelligence agents, including by providing “information about a dissident who was being secretly housed at the embassy,” according to a criminal complaint brought by Kellie O’Brien, an FBI counter-intelligence agent in Washington.
“[Reverse logistics] is never quite the same as a forward logistics system, where you can optimise each truck so you might have only a spare millimetre inside,” says Martin Patten, manager of the technology programme for Europe at Cisco Systems, the networking equipment supplier. “You can't quite do that on the way back because people might use bubble wrap or put things in bigger boxes.”
Ten days before the inauguration of donald trump as president, mr obama declared in a farewell message that he leaves office more optimistic than when he was elected and renewed the mantra that accompanied his first run for the presidency. “Yes we can. Yes we did. Yes we can,” he concluded.
“Peter Navarro is going to be the lobster king now,” mr trump said at an event on Friday with commercial fishermen in Maine, a major exporter of American lobsters.
HNA has put this buying spree into reverse over the past year, however, making a series of divestments that include parts of its core aviation business, in a bid to tackle the nearly $100bn debt pile it amassed.
“They are spending 30 per cent more just to stand still,” said Rodney Schmidt, managing director at Harrison Lovegrove. “The money has been there, but the barrels have not.”
They say acquisitions in mining, oil and gas have faced greater headwinds from lower raw materials prices, rising shareholder activism, higher regulatory scrutiny and financial market turmoil.
Gina Rinehart has faced down larger rivals, bureaucrats and even family to build Hancock Prospecting into a mining force. Now Australia’s richest woman is tackling a tiny foe that could derail a A$1bn plan to ship live cattle to China.
Whatever the frailties of these calculations, they are the best we have. And far from cheapening life, this sort of research often highlights just how valuable our safer, healthier modern lives really are. Kevin Murphy of the Chicago Graduate School of Business recently visited London to present his research on the value of health improvements in the US since 1970. They're vast - about $10 trillion in today's money. Looking further back, if you had to choose between the material progress of the 20th century and the improvements in health, it would be a toss-up. The health gains are as valuable as everything else put together. Encouragingly, health in most developing countries has improved faster than in rich ones, suggesting that global inequality is falling.
The investor explained why the institution had not yet considered investing overseas. A strongly appreciating currency that reduced the attractiveness of any international allocation and a strongly performing domestic stock market rendered any offshore allocation inferior. In his words: “Why should I invest overseas when I have the best-performing asset class here in Korea with no currency risk?”
Imports ballooned 38.1 per cent year-on-year in dollar terms last month, more than doubling from January’s rise of 16.7 per cent and well above a median forecast of 20 per cent growth.
For everyone else who lives with a creeping sense of being part of urban chaos, Zürich is the answer. It is a place of light and space, with public transport that provides a system that seems to be running on some divine timetable, drawn up purely for the love of its citizens.
What is important is the confluence of trends of which that milestone is a part. Yields on both short- and long-term US bonds have been rising by fits and starts since the end of 2016. A striking feature of the ascent has been that short yields have risen faster than long ones, suggesting
Still, for a country running the rich world’s biggest fiscal deficit and the highest ratio of debt-to-gross domestic product, the move means something.
A former hong kong official working on behalf of a Chinese energy group was found guilty of charges relating to an alleged scheme to facilitate arms transactions in Africa and the Middle East, as well as brokering business with Iran that violated US sanctions.
The archives of western foreign ministries bulge with evidence of the contradictions and hypocrisies. Diplomats stationed in the region – American and European – have for decades crafted eloquent dispatches questioning whether support for Arab autocrats sat easily with the espousal of universal values  or if one-sided support for Israel did not ignore the legitimate rights of Palestinians. The telegrams went unread. The tyrants had the oil and the Palestinians were powerless.
privately owned companies, meanwhile, have already passed through a period of deleveraging, and fixed-asset investment by such groups reached its fastest pace since 2015 in the first quarter.
“I'm of the opinion that the yuan is underpriced and that it should be revalued. It certainly has an impact on their exports and trade patterns. The complaint is legitimate,” Karel De Gucht, Europe's new trade commissioner, told the Financial Times.
Sinopharm, China's biggest pharmaceuticals distributor, saw its shares jump nearly 16 per cent on its market debut in hong kong yesterday, as investors hoped that the country's healthcare reform could spur growth.
For some, the deal raises questions about the motivation of the elder Li, who may have opened himself up to unwanted attention. “The tragedy for Li Ka-shing is why would you do it? [take a minority position in PCCW],” says one person close to the transaction. “Hutchison and PCCW are full-on competitors. It's not a natural position if you know the regulator probably isn't going to like it – it's an insane strategy.”
Cuba considered the statue an affair of high state. It took four years of meticulous planning, and $2.5m of private US donations, to make the 17-tonne replica of the sculpture and ship it from New York, where the original has stood for over 60 years in Central Park. Raúl Castro, Cuba’s president, even went out of his way during a 2015 UN visit to personally thank new york mayor Bill de Blasio for the city’s help.
Yet last year, chinese brands had 26.4 per cent of the market, putting them just behind the Japanese. And one Chinese company, Chery from the inland province of Anhui, was the fourth-largest brand in the country with annual sales of just over 300,000.
Facebook’s quarterly earnings, released last month, have surpassed most market expectations, sending its stock price to an all-time high. They have also confirmed the company’s Teflon credentials: no public criticism ever seems to stick.
In surveys of foreign executives in China staffing has often been listed as a bigger problem than copyright violations or government relations.
“We were very in tune with what the rest of world was doing. It was a unique position, because I don’t think the rest of the world knew what we were doing,” recalls Mr Mishra, who traded US and European stock indices until 2009.
The ships’ new identities – changed, for example, from Hoda, Honar and Nesa to Precious, Victory and Truth – is the latest episode in a cat-and-mouse game between Tehran and western officials tracking Iranian oil exports.
More than 8,000 financial services companies based in the EU or the European Economic Area rely on single-market passports to do business in Britain, according to figures published by the uk financial regulator.
Many of these claims were wildly inaccurate, but they had their intended result. Green campaigners fell back in line. Fukushima showed that, for most environmentalists, nuclear’s low-probability risks trump both the existential threat of climate change and 2m deaths annually from air pollution. Green campaigners have, ironically, fallen prey to the same misperception of risk they all too often see in a public indifferent to global warming: an obsession with dramatic but infrequent threats, while ignoring those that are banal but far more deadly.
In April, the indian government announced that it would block “opportunistic takeovers” by requiring official approval for any investment from a country that shares a land border with India.
Ms Xi’s home county of Xinan was one of many to organise buses directly to Foxconn factory gates. On Sunday, Yanjin county dispatched 131 healthy workers on six buses. Xingyang City sent 740 workers on 23 buses. A police car escorted 36 buses with 803 workers onboard from Puyang to Foxconn.
“There are companies that listed in 1994 and still haven’t paid out dividends,” mr liu said, according to state news outlet Xinhua, which framed his warning as targeting companies that act like “iron cockerels” – a Chinese phrase for cheapskates.
Foreign exchange trading is always akin to gambling. But, in China, gambling may be a way of trading foreign exchange: one way to get around the country’s currency controls is to take a trip to the casinos of Macau.
From Beijing, where I now am, the UK looks small. It also looks as if it has fallen into the hands of lunatics engaged in an astonishing act of national self-harm. But this, Brexiters will say, is an illusion. The UK is going to “take back control”. The slogan was brilliant. But it was the biggest delusion of all.
“I use a pencil at work because I make too many mistakes, a ballpen for checking finances but a fountain pen when I need to sign anything personal or of importance,” says Mark Ivory, director of sales for pen brand Cross.
This state of affairs suits YouTube (and, since Google acquired YouTube for $1.65bn last year, Mr Schmidt). Viacom has to take the time and the trouble to monitor YouTube  illegal clips stay up on YouTube until Viacom serves it with a take-down notice. It is impossible to identify how many video clips on YouTube are amateur and how many are professional but its 60 per cent of the US video-sharing market clearly owes much to copyright foot-dragging.
“Fiscal expansion beyond the narrow budget is the go-to lever for China when private activities are weak,” said Tao Wang, chief china economist at UBS in Hong Kong.
His remarks – made to the financial times – came as Abdalla el-Badri, secretary-general of the Organisation of the petroleum exporting Countries, suggested he thought the group was unlikely to raise its production levels when its ministers meet in Vienna on September 11.
China has chosen a new-generation Franco- American engine to power its first narrow-body aircraft, which is due to fly in 2016 and aims to challenge the single-aisle workhorses of Boeing and Airbus.
In late August, Mr Adelson will raise the stakes. las vegas sands is spending more than $2.5bn to develop the Venetian Macao casino resort, the most grandiose project the once sleepy territory has seen: Renaissance Venice comes to China complete with gondoliers plying canals in sampans and baroquely-outfitted strolling operatic minstrels.
Though mr rudd shrinks from the title accorded to Mr Howard – the US's “deputy sheriff” in Asia – he is eager to quash any notion that China and the US are competing for attention. “For us there is no either/or,” he says. “We believe we can walk and chew gum at the same time.”
The shuttle bus from central Shanghai to Venice takes almost two hours. For investors like Wang Guili, that’s close enough to seek out a potential bargain.
Thanks to leverage, the estimated gross investments of the five largest funds amount to around $100bn. Altogether, hedge funds now account for between one-third and a half of all trading in the US and UK equity and bond markets.
China’s move to reform its state-owned enterprises has seen more than $50bn of assets change hands in just two deals that make clear the potential scale of a transformation of the sprawling sector.
The opposition democratic party of Japan, which seized control of the upper house last July, used the first day of confirmation hearings yesterday to announce that it had decided to reject Mr Muto. The decision is expected to be confirmed in a vote today.
&ndash  English-language editorial in the People's Daily, official mouthpiece of the communist party of China, July 30/i
Temasek is expected to release its annual review for the year ending March 31 in early July. Temasek is expected to post gains on its portfolio of investments, making it possible for Ms Ho to leave on a high note after eight years in charge .
The larger than expected penalty is the third to be imposed on Google by the EU in less than two years — taking the total to €8.2bn and drawing a line under current European antitrust investigations into the us tech group.
The initial public offering did not bring in new institutional investors, says Dr Mat?thews: “A number of our existing investors wanted to take a larger stake so we raised the money from them. We went public to improve the business’s recognition and facilitate acquisitions.”
Critics also cite widespread though subjective impressions that officially low-pollution “blue-sky days” are often memorable more for acrid grey smogs.
Demand for services was seen as “healthy, according to most reports” while even manufacturing activity – which data suggests has seen some weakness – was “generally positive in most districts”.
Pakistan will raise import duties on 5,000 different items and slash spending on infrastructure projects in an attempt to balance its budget, the government of Imran Khan has announced.
Fresh from his victory on healthcare, president barack obama will travel to new york today to argue for a financial regulatory overhaul in a speech that White House officials hope will define the closing stages of Washington's most expensive lobbying battle in years.
At Enron the names should also have been a clue to hapless investors and staff that something was amiss. There was Kenneth Lay, whose moniker should have warned any innocents that climbing into bed with him was going to be a mistake. And then there was Andrew Fastow, who pulled a fast-o with his off-balance sheet deals and is now behind bars. And Jeffrey Skilling – whose name was surely a double bluff. Skill was something he had plenty of, he just happened not to put it to terribly good use.
Enforcement of existing legislation is often lax – something that becomes apparent when you compare China's excellent environmental laws with the reality outside the window or read the country's constitution, which guarantees all citizens freedom of religion, freedom of speech and freedom of political association.
“The mild taste and aroma is similar to the beans from Honduras or Guatemala,” said Wouter DeSmet, head of Nestlé’s coffee agricultural services team in China.
Meanwhile, the growth in the domestic fund management business – which had about Rmb3,300bn ($456bn) in assets under management at the end of 2007 – has also introduced more professional investment management and attention to relative valuations.
China, too, has been overly dependent on debt during the post-financial crisis period. It has brewed up its own bubbles in everything from real estate to provincial bonds. Consumption and labour markets were weakening even before coronavirus hit. Trust in governance, already waning under president xi Jinping, has taken a new hit with the party’s initial downplaying of the crisis.
Now BMW is bringing robots out from behind their cages to work side-by-side with workers on the assembly line. Lightweight “collaborative” robots manufactured by Denmark’s Universal Robots help to fit doors with sound and moisture insulation, a task that previously required workers to use a manual roller that risked straining older workers’ wrists.
Then there are negotiations with suppliers – haggling and bullying, threats and promises unfulfilled, unilateral retroactive discounts, and on occasion being held to ransom. Buyers for big retailers are hated and feared because of their power and ruthless tactics. A number of Britain’s food producers are impoverished because they hold a weak bargaining position with the supermarkets. Similarly most shopkeepers complain that their relations with property landlords are by nature adversarial and one-sided. No wonder so many high streets are gradually becoming ghost towns – after all, no one signs a lease with upwards-only rent reviews when they can create a website.
Mr Asness was inundated with irate calls from some of the industry’s biggest names, and even got the occasional glower at school events attended by other hedge fund fathers. “I got yelled at by a lot of famous people,” he recalls.
A different part of the Treasury curve that compares three-month yields against 10-year yields had already inverted, but the shift in this area is the latest indication of growing unease in the fixed income market.
Gategroup said in its statement that it was evaluating a potential return to public markets and considering the SIX Swiss Exchange in Zurich as its listing venue. It cited Mr Tan’s earlier comments, in which he also said he would consider selling overseas investments in property and other sectors.
A pipeline across the Caspian would change the picture by opening up the resources of Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan.
People close to the situation said Citi, BofA and at least two other lenders will today attempt to persuade the Treasury and the federal reserve that the findings of &ldquo stress tests&rdquo  into their financial health were too pessimistic.
Senior administration officials are pushing to harden Iran policy without destroying a historic nuclear deal with Iran that us president donald trump has called an “embarrassment” and threatened to scrap.
A chinese court has sentenced a leading dissident to 11 years in jail for &ldquo inciting subversion of state power&rdquo , the clearest signal yet, according to analysts, foreign officials and human rights groups, that China has over the past two years reduced the already limited space for political dissent.
Total and Eni，two of Europe's biggest oil and gas companies, each plan to bring nuclear power to a succession of countries in the Middle East in what would be a contentious shift in an industry being squeezed out of many of the biggest oil and gas fields.
Fonterra Dairy Co-operative of new zealand yesterday said contamination of milk in China had forced it to write down by 70 per cent the carrying value of its Sanlu affiliate at the centre of the scandal that has left tens of thousands of infants ill, mostly in China.
emerging market equities have not consistently outperformed equities in developed markets, according to a new study by Cambridge University’s Judge Business School.
In the coming years, China's trade rules and environmental regulations will evolve and change as the government in Beijing sees fit. The bureaucrats may even realise that it is in the country's interests to give foreign investors practical freedom to do business in China. Indeed, the “green” issues facing China may even represent a big opportunity for US companies. With public concern over climate change reaching a turning point in the US, lots of new money is being put into reducing pollution and developing cleaner energy. Some of that money may well make its way towards China. But that, of course, will depend on whether Beijing allows it.
But the amount of money put into wind farms, solar parks and other forms of green power worldwide plummeted 11 per cent in 2012, the biggest annual fall in at least eight years, according to the Bloomberg New Energy Finance research company.
-------------------------------------------
In all these cases, the forecasts were wrong because they had an inbuilt view of the “equilibrium” oil price or sterling exchange rate. In each case, the equilibrium changed to something new, and in each case, the forecasters wrongly predicted a return to business as usual, again and again. The lesson is that a forecasting technique that cannot deal with structural breaks is a forecasting technique that can misfire almost indefinitely.
Last week, during a press conference at the Foreign Office, he warned that the UK would have to go to the “back of the queue” if it wanted to sign a new trade deal with his country.
Mr Marchionne described the venture's poor performance to the FT as “a shame” and added: “We missed an opportunity. I don't think it's too late, but we need to do more.”
Overall prices of new residential buildings rose 7.9 per cent year-on-year in July, according to a weighted average from Reuters based on the statistics bureau data, up from growth of 7.3 per cent in June.
More generally, though, the whole thesis is wrong – busyness is not the curse of modern life that Dr Hallowell suggests. Although I am crazybusy myself and do spend a large amount of my time distracted and losing things and sending pointless messages, I see no evidence that this is messing with my priorities.
Experts and analysts cited in local media have pointed to the property agencies that dominate Beijing’s rental market through sublease contracts as one possible key driver behind rising rents.
For some in China, those characteristics have been evident in the behaviour of the young nationalists known as ifenqing/i, or "angry youth", behind an aggressive response at home and abroad to the pro-Tibet protests that greeted the Olympic torch relay in places such as Europe and Australia.
KMPG suggests that foreign lenders adopt a “steady and prudent” entry into developed [mortgage] markets such as Beijing and Shanghai, “though fears of a property bubble are never too far from a banker's thoughts”.
The two companies unveiled detailed plans of Thomson's cash-and-shares offer for Reuters after securing the “hearty endorsement” of the Founders Share Company, the body that exists to defend Reuters' independence and editorial integrity.
Walmart,the world’s biggest retailer by sales, is slowing its opening of new stores in China and Brazil after admitting it had made mistakes and let profitability slip in its haste to expand.
Gary Locke is leaving Beijing at a time of heightened Sino-US tension over issues ranging from president barack Obama’s recent meeting with the Dalai Lama, Tibet’s spiritual leader, to Beijing’s declaration of an air defence identification zone over the east china sea last year.
“Black man's dream” was the headline in one hong kong newspaper this week about the prospect of the first African-American becoming US president. In much of Asia, people of diverse races and religions share the excitement that Barack Obama, a non-white person who once lived in Indonesia, has landed the world's most powerful job. Chris Patten, former governor of Hong Kong, says the Chinese are “gobsmacked”, having long written off Americans as racist.
A recent first-time buyer, a woman in her late twenties, said: “I took a 100 per cent loan to buy an apartment. I placed my savings in Kaupthing's money market account, because it promised high interest rates, and my pensions in Kaupthing's Vista 1 at the prospect of becoming a millionaire retiree. Both of these funds were based on stock investments and I knew that they were risky – but I took the bait and the risk. Now most of this money, if not all, is lost.”
Japan’s economy grew at an annualised 1.4 per cent in the second quarter against analysts’ expectations of a 2.3 per cent rise, as weak exports and softer consumer spending offset strong public investment in the tsunami-stricken region of Tohoku.
As Goldman Sachs, an investment bank, put it in a 2015 report: “Chinese millennials are probably the single most important demographic on the planet today.”
Such anger is bad news for a government that feels increasingly vulnerable to public opinion. Yet few doubt the party's ability to face down its critics, for the moment at least. Unlike in 1989, when internal divisions almost paralysed the party in the face of huge pro-democracy protests centred on Tiananmen Square, senior leaders now present an almost perfect face of public unity. In part this reflects a firm consensus in favour of market reforms based on models provided by more advanced economies and adopted to local circumstances. Intra-party policy disputes still abound, but they lack the ideological edge of those in the 1980s.
The trade war is a seductive explanation for the sell-off in Chinese markets. Investors should look for reasons closer to Beijing to fathom weakness. Tight credit, a slowing economy and accumulated offshore borrowings all darken the outlook.
Chile’s experience is an object lesson in the dangers of ignoring inequality and the importance of building inclusive political institutions.
Launching the report last month, John Hutton, former business secretary, said it showed there were still many opportunities for British investors in China.
Against this backdrop, ambassadorial work is reduced from the delicate communication of national interests to the bald assertion of demands. A Trumpian diplomat, in other words, looks something like Richard Grenell, the us ambassador to Germany.
The offer is a 33 per cent premium to TNT Express' closing share price last Thursday and a 42 per cent premium comapred to an average over the last three months.
Daniel Griswold, at the Cato Institute, said: “This bill is not cataclysmic but could pass and would damage trade ties.”
Three months later, 10 financial groups received the big prize – the right to manage the first overseas investments of the $50bn (&pound 26bn, �9bn) state pension fund. These initial investment mandates are the first trickle in what is expected to be a flood of overseas investments by cash-rich Chinese banks, insurers and pension funds.
Uighur resentment has been exacerbated by a massive security operation timed to coincide with the Olympic and Paralympic Games period. Under the auspices of ensuring a “peaceful Olympics”, the government has set up roadblocks and security checks and dispatched armed street patrols, all of which has failed to stop a number of attacks by suspected separatists in recent weeks that have left more than 30 dead. Two policemen were killed yesterday in a clash with armed Uighurs.
The service actually combines two sets of information to create personal profiles. First it grabs information from web-based biography pages, social networks, news sites, blogs, directories and so forth. Second, the Spock community contributes information to enhance the search experience.
The british government has had three years to come up with suggestions that work for legitimate trade, fraudsters and smugglers, but it still only mumbles about trusted trader schemes, number plate recognition and checks away from the border.
Prosecutors took Eric Yu, chief financial officer, and other company officials in charge of finance and accounting, back to their office for questioning. BenQ said it would co-operate fully with the investigators.
For this reason, many investors have put money into the increasing number of alternative energy or environmental funds that invest in a portfolio of companies.
The vote was tied after ministers failed to reach a deal with Nick Xenophon, an independent senator from South Australia, who had demanded amendments to the bill to finance improvements to the ailing Murray- Darling river system.
“This is putting huge pressure on China's export industries and the government to push all the buttons to boost the economy.”
Mr Ross knows from personal experience how this cycle works, because he invested in the US and Chinese textile and steel industries. Now China accounts for about half the world’s steel capacity, with exports likely to continue increasing for the foreseeable future.
China’s central bank has continued to stock up on bullion as the trade war with the US shows little sign of easing and its domestic economy is slowing. Negotiators from the US and China are due to meet at the end of the week.
Even if so, however, RenCap’s analysis would still suggest there may be additional indirect benefits if high fertility countries can manage to reduce their birthrates, in addition to the well-known demographic dividend that occurs when a country has fewer children and its working-age population becomes a larger share of its overall population, at least until the proportion of retirees rises markedly.
The US is scrambling to complete bilateral so-called “free trade agreements” (FTAs) with South Korea, Malaysia and Thailand before the White House's authority to negotiate entire trade deals expires next June.
One person familiar with Google’s decision said, however, that the company was not backing away from the troubled project, but was pushing ahead with a second version.
Speaking on BBC radio in Britain, mr trichet said policymakers needed to make containing inflation their top priority.
The hastily convened summit in Brussels comes as the US issued a detailed 10-point rebuttal of Russia’s “false narrative” about Ukraine. In addressing Russian claims that it has no troops in Ukraine, that its actions are legitimate and the Ukrainian government is illegitimate, the state department said: “The world has not seen such startling Russian fiction since Dostoyevsky.”
Instead, the research indicates that the “small world” model – based on interaction between overlapping friendship groups in which drinkers copy their associates' behaviour – underlies the growth in binge drinking.
While Mr Ko has not declared his intention to run in the January 2020 presidential elections, the reception he receives in the US could have a big bearing on a presidential run, experts said.
It is also when streaming music service Spotify appeared on the scene. A year later brought Dropbox, which is used to store and sync information between devices. Smartphones breathed life into these services, and a private market awash with cash inflated their valuations.
In a report released by the european union Chamber of Commerce in China, european companies said they remained “generally optimistic” about their businesses in the country but complained of a lack of market access, poor transparency and inadequate protection of intellectual property rights.
Lufthansa's admission came just after the deadline for expressions of interest in buying the almost 43 per cent stake in AUA being sold by the OIAG state holding company. Shares in AUA, which had jumped almost 10 per cent on Friday, rose a further 6.9 per cent to &#8364 5.40 on mounting takeover speculation.
To alienate the managers of these SWFs could have severe consequences if they and their owners seek friendlier alternatives outside the US. Even the current talk of disclosure requirements is seen by some SWFs as problematical since it often fails to take into account the political realities in some of the countries managing SWFs, where their ties to the west are best left unstated lest they arouse domestic political opposition.
Instead of encouraging European investment in Russia, Moscow has questioned contracts signed in the 1990s by companies including Royal Dutch Shell and Total. This month it also shut foreign capital out of the development of the huge Shtokman gas field.
In 2001, the two sides signed a security treaty which stopped short of a full military alliance. In 2006, they conducted joint military exercises in China, which were followed by another set of joint manoeuvres in Russia this year.
central banks may soon resort to their most powerful weapons against deflation: the printing press and the “helicopter drop” of money. It is a time for which Ben Bernanke, chairman of the Federal Reserve, has long prepared. Will this weaponry work? Unquestionably, yes: used ruthlessly, it will eliminate deflation. But returning to normality thereafter will prove far more elusive.
Recon Group, the Chinese owner of Aston Villa football club, is taking a $100m controlling stake in Millennium Films, the Hollywood producer of one of the Rambo films and The Expendables franchise.
Martin Sorrell, who has quit as chief executive of WPP after an investigation into his conduct, is free to start a new advertising venture because he has never had a non-compete agreement, say people briefed on the matter.
After languishing at four-year lows, the spot price of the most commonly traded form of uranium, used in nuclear power, has in the past four months risen 45 per cent to $60.50 a pound. Analysts and investors see the move as the start of a multi-year bull run.
You would never guess it from the US election. But for the third year running the world is on course to exceed a record temperature in 2016 — having suffered the hottest July in history last month. People are right to worry their children may not have it as good as they did. Yet the changing planet plays little role in their foreboding. By any barometer, us politics has hit extreme weather in 2016, yet global warming ranks near the bottom on the list of voter concerns. Illegal immigration, on the other hand, is near the top, even though net inflows came to a halt five years ago. Is democracy on course to duck the biggest challenge of our age?
Samsung and LG Display, the world’s two biggest makers for flat panels for televisions, have won approval from a key chinese government body and are set to become the first foreign groups to build advanced LCD panel plants in the country.
Aixtron, which makes equipment used in LED lighting, said yesterday that it had agreed to a takeover by Grand Chip Investment, the German arm of Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund.
1955 William Henry Gates III born in Seattle, Washington. His mother is a schoolteacher, his father a lawyer. The middle of three children, he has an older and young sister.
The plan has split the Bitcoin community, which is reeling from the collapse of the first and most prominent exchange for the virtual currency. Mt Gox filed for bankruptcy protection in February and said that 850,000 Bitcoins were unaccounted for. It later revised the number to 650,000 after finding 200,000 Bitcoins in an old digital file.
There are some obvious explanations for this reversal. More often than not political presence mirrors economic performance. Before the ink was properly dry on those forecasts of an ineluctable march to economic hegemony, Japan entered the great deflation of the 1990s. The asset price bubble burst, banks went bankrupt and the economy went into free fall. Japan lost a decade.
has rehired a former senior Chinese employee who was suspected of being the whistleblower behind bribery allegations that led to a £297m fine for the UK drugmaker in China.
I found this out pretty early on in our rendezvous, which took place at the Mercer, the SoHo hotel where, in my experience, almost every fashion person likes to be interviewed. But unlike the other fashion people, such as Marc Jacobs and Alber Elbaz, I have met there – and, truth be told, though she is a highly successful model, calling Rossellini a “fashion person” might be exaggerating her interest in that world – she did not choose to sit in the lobby, which is where the prime people-watching takes place.
The trade surplus could, however, change course as the figures are cyclical and heavily influenced by business and commodity price cycles, Mr Shirakawa said. If the price of commodities, particularly oil, fell, this would push up the trade surplus, he said.
The order, issued jointly by six ministries yesterday, comes after a vaguely worded announcement on the need to prevent price rises by the State Council, or cabinet.
His tenure in the governor's mansion was stormy in other ways. He alienated state legislators and was forced to drop a controversial plan to issue driver's licences to undocumented immigrants. His aides were accused of misusing state police to dig up dirt on Mr Bruno. Mr Spitzer denied involvement but his role is still under investigation.
Silicon Valley, birthplace of the semiconductor industry and then of Google, Yahoo and eBay, is experiencing a fresh wave of growth as a telecommunications innovator.
The writer is president of Queens’ College, Cambridge university, and adviser to Allianz and Gramercy
During the 2013 taper tantrum, EM assets were clobbered by a surge in us treasury bond yields brought about by the federal reserve signalling a desire to reduce the amount of money being pumped into the financial system.
In the 1980s, abuses such as those in Linyi were common throughout China.
The hong kong art fair, which launches its fourth edition on 26 May, has quickly established itself as the leading international modern and contemporary art fair in Asia and was already dubbed the “Art Basel of Asia”. This year’s edition is the largest so far and boasts a swathe of major international galleries including Zwirner, Acquavella, Blum & Poe, White Cube, Pace (which is already present in Beijing) and Gagosian. A separate section, Asia One, features Asian galleries showing solo shows of artists of Asian origin.
But the real message from Moody’s is the same one being delivered to European capitals by the financial markets: if Germany is going to insist that private bondholders bear a chunk of the pain for a new Greek bail-out, we must assume that private bondholders are going to have to pay up for other bail-outs, too. So, dear investor, abandon ye peripherals while ye may.
On the other hand, there have been straight “consolidation” plays. Big economies of scale are available by taking extra revenues and putting them through the same computer platform – a trick that has underpinned the growth of Euronext, a pan-European conglomeration of stock exchanges. Nasdaq wants to achieve something similar by buying the LSE.
The news organisation suspended Michael Forsythe, a prizewinning reporter, on Tuesday, according to a person familiar with the case. Another person said that when Bloomberg employees try to access Mr Forsythe on their system, a message says he is on “HR leave”.
These latest gross domestic product figures will probably encourage analysts to stick with the current broad outlook for next year. The consensus view is that Japan will grow by around 2.2 per cent, the US between 1.5 and two per cent, and the eurozone by around 0.5 per cent. It is quite remarkable that on average forecasters expects Japan to be stronger than either the US or the eurozone. In essence, the consensus – backed up by depressed equity markets and low bond yields for the G7 countries - expects a “Japanisation” of these countries’ economies. The markets are assuming Japan’s post-tsunami recovery is nothing other than a recalibration for lost GDP, and that the rest of the G7 will join Japan in years of dull, or worse, growth.
The first securities firm to attempt to go through the back door was GF Securities. Just last week, however, the firm's former chief executive and a number of other senior managers were arrested over allegations of illegally trading shares in Yanbian Expressway, a GF acquisition target.
A few years ago, China's new passion for large cars might have been a curiosity of its new consumer culture. But in a world of $140-a-barrel oil, when China is being accused of artificially stimulating demand by capping oil prices at home, such taste in cars is becoming more controversial.
I think my boss may be bipolar. He's either charging around making bold decisions or he's paranoid, negative and bullying. In the "up" moods he's stimulating, though exhausting. The rest of the time he's paranoid and hostile. I've worked for him for two years and though I admire his talent I find his mood swings increasingly stressful. A couple of weeks ago I tried to broach the matter but he looked as if he was about to have a coronary, so I shut up. Is there anything I can do?
Equity and credit markets came under further pressure as investors headed for the perceived safety of government bonds, gold and the dollar.
ba target=" blank" href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=us:BAC"Bank of America/a/b, a target=" blank" href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=us:C"strongbCitigroup/bstrongb, /b/strong/strong/aa target=" blank" href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=us:JPM"JPMorgan/a and 15 other large financial institutions filed suit on Wednesday against a target=" blank" href="http://markets.ft.com/tearsheets/performance.asp?s=us:MBI"MBIA/a, claiming the bond insurer reduced its ability to pay policyholders by splitting its business in two.
“Asia generally is a very hot market place in terms of capital attraction. A lot of capital is showing up, although it is relatively small compared with other mature investment markets,” Chuck Leitner, US managing director of RREEF, the property investment management arm of Deutsche Bank, said at a recent conference.
developing countries say China is often prepared to help when traditional donors are not, and will sometimes pay over the odds to secure natural resources. The west African state of Gabon, for example, after trying unsuccessfully for years to interest American and European investors in extracting its rich iron ore deposits, found China was eager. China also has some historic capital saved up. Dipak Patel, until recently trade minister for the southern African state of Zambia, says: “In Zambia we greatly admired the Chinese for what they did when the rest of the world looked the other way.”
Asian policymakers are entitled to look askance at foreign bondholders. Those countries most badly affected by panicked selling 13 years ago learned harsh lessons in leverage, several of them under the tutelage of the international monetary Fund. Those that avoided a visit from the IMF, such as largely internally-funded India, saw their escape as validation of a more insular approach.
JOHN CHISHOLM and RICHARD LAMBERT
Ms Chen, one of China's richest women, wanted the company to expand aggressively by tapping the financial markets and acquiring smaller rivals.
Britain’s high street may be soggy but high-end trenchcoat maker Burberry is not. The eurozone can melt down, China can slow and rain can fall, but the luxury goods company is as impermeable as its wet-weather gear. Yesterday Burberry reported that revenues and profits before tax for the year to March had both risen by about a quarter. operating margins widened 80 basis points to 16.4 per cent as brand-conscious customers in the Asia-Pacific region (making up nearly two-fifths of sales) donned its apparel or carried its bags. Burberry’s shift from wholesaler to retailer under chief executive Angela Ahrendts has paid off too: more than two-thirds of sales now come from retail versus two-fifths when she arrived in 2006. Its market capitalisation has even overtaken that of Marks and Spencer, the UK high street store chain.
Recruiters say that the more rounded and diverse a candidate’s experience and skills, the more attractive they are — and many recognise that community service helps individuals build such experience and skills.
Keep Calm and Hit Her”. At first glance the T-shirt design seemed to be yet another example of the way violent misogyny has become a joke for some - a literal punchline. No wonder that earlier this month the internet was up in arms at the discovery of such a T-shirt, not from a street trader or a Soho sex shop, but on Amazon.co.uk. And “Keep Calm and Hit Her” wasn't the only example. There was also “Keep Calm and Rape A Lot”.
Ms Ambler eschews the discount end of the high street with a conviction that the clothes “fall apart” and instead buys from Zara, Top Shop and French Connection – not noted for their bargain basement pricing.
Tencent has launched a video game designed for the visually impaired, less than one year after the chinese government said it was worried about how online gaming was affecting children’s vision.
Moreover, given the pressure that its export sector is facing, Beijing will not welcome renewed calls for a big shift in its foreign exchange policy, which some foreign governments might see as a way of curbing imbalances in the global economy.
Mass retailing models generally travel no better than fresh vegetables. Walmart and Best Buy failed to revolutionise UK shopping. Tesco’s Fresh & Easy flopped in the US. Why should Costco Wholesale do any better in China?
In the second quarter of 2010, personal consumption expenditure – the commerce department’s main measure of consumer spending – advanced at an annualised rate of 2 per cent in the US, matching the fourth quarter 2009 figure and improving upon the 1.9 per cent gain recorded in the first quarter of this year. However, these modest increases are much weaker than the rebound in consumer consumption experienced after previous recessions.
“The government has concluded that it is highly likely that Russia was responsible for the act against Sergei and Yulia Skripal,” mrs may said, citing more than a week’s worth of investigations by police at the crime scene and biological experts at the British military’s Porton Down chemical weapons research centre.
China’s largest food delivery and group buying company announced on Tuesday it has raised more than $3.3bn in one of the country’s largest internet funding rounds.
Seeing the warning signs, we persistently tried to persuade the Georgians to sign an agreement on the non-use of force with the Ossetians and Abkhazians. Mr Saakashvili refused. On the night of August 7-8 we found out why.
The scale of the ECB's intervention was at the low end of analysts' expectations. But the move has broken new ground for the guardian of the euro currency, which had previously shied away from buying government bonds outright.
Instead, it is the increasing quantity of flannel and pseudo-scientific analysis in which the numbers are now wrapped. Take Barclays. Last week, Pirc, which advises shareholders on how to vote, complained that the bank’s system of setting pay was too complicated and advised them to vote against the pay deal at this week’s meeting.
Hu Jintao, China's president, the first head of state to visit Japan in a decade and only the second ever, said: “Prime Minister (Yasuo) Fukuda and I believe that Sino-Japanese relations are at a new historic starting point.”
Giant companies such as Odebrecht have long been active abroad, but mostly in Latin America. Globally, lusophone corporate imperialism is better known via the likes of Vale and JBS, the world’s largest meat producing group. Brazilian banks, such as Itaú-Unibanco, the world’s eighth biggest by market capitalisation, have followed such clients abroad. All are known dealmakers, and globally active issuers of equity and debt.
While most of the world is cutting back on oil investments, saudi arabia has quietly achieved a formidable feat of engineering &ndash  increasing its oil production capacity to a record 12.5m barrels a day.
Mahathir Mohamad, Malaysia's influential ex-prime minister, has called for a “people’s power” movement to intensify the efforts of a marathon 34-hour weekend protest to oust his scandal-hit successor.
Bold foreign investors, meanwhile, may stay on for the ride: they have done well enough out of it so far. But sooner or later, those who kid themselves that buying shares in chinese companies is the same thing as buying into China's growth story are likely to face a rude awakening.
There is a brand new fashion in management circles. It doesn’t yet have a name so I’m calling it “White is the new black”, because it involves taking something we all think is bad and telling us that it’s good (or vice versa).
The head of China’s largest private company on Tuesday lavished praise on the “wonderful” American rust belt, laying out plans to bring 1m small us businesses to Alibaba’s platform in the next five years, as part of an idea hatched with mr trump in January.
“The current account remains roughly in balance, but the Korean authorities have been very concerned about the external payments system and still feel the need to run a current account surplus, even though the trade balance has been positive for some time,” Mr Neumann says.
It is innately difficult to imagine the end of the one political system we have ever known. When we try — and many far-from-hysterical commentators have been moved to since the rise of donald trump as US president, the moderate conservative David Frum among them — the dread is always an authoritarian dictatorship. In a typical dystopia, mr trump is in the third term of his two-term presidency, Britain is ruled by (depending on your fevered nightmare of choice) Tories hostile to foreigners or socialists hostile to property rights, and France finally consummates its flirtation with the National Front.
Senior russian government figures have rebelled against a deal between Dmitry Medvedev, the president, and Vladimir Putin, the prime minister, to switch jobs next year.
The anti-China mood in Washington is not restricted to the avowedly and indiscriminately protectionist administration of donald trump (the president appoints the officials who staff Cfius). It is bipartisan, and was already taking hold under former president barack Obama, who blocked the Chinese takeover of the semiconductor equipment maker Aixtron.
This month's market turmoil has highlighted the dangers. The european bank for Reconstruction and Development, the region's multilateral bank, estimates the banking sector needs $200bn in refinancing this year and $100bn-$150bn to recapitalise in order to cope with bad loans. The question is how much of the loan books turn sour as economies slow and currencies fall. Foreign exchange loans, ranging to 90 per cent of lending in Latvia, are a particular concern because of the extra burden on borrowers who make repayments out of local currency earnings.
But for those would-be novelists who care less about literary value and more about hitting the jackpot, here is a book worth reading.
The Chinese are even more agitated by Indian barriers to investment. New Delhi is mulling adding China to a special list of countries posing a national security threat. “There's no question of discrimination on principle against investments from China, nor is there any intention to do so,” says Ashwani Kumar, minister of state for commerce and industry. “However, every country is entitled to have a closer look when certain issues of security are raised. It is only when those issues of security are raised that the government takes a closer look.”
Kim Jong Un normally inspires either fear or ridicule in the outside world. But could there be much more to the corpulent north korean dictator than a predilection for murdering relatives and testing nuclear weapons? Might he be a secret reformer who is actually intent on disarmament and peace?
When two elephants fight, a senior international monetary fund official once told the Financial Times, the grass gets trampled.
I admire the Bank for International Settlements. It takes courage to accuse its owners – the world’s main central banks – of incompetence. Yet this is what it has done, most recently in its latest annual report. It would be easy to dismiss this as the rantings of a prophet of doom. That would be a mistake. Whether or not one agrees with its pre-1930s view of macroeconomic policy, the BIS raises big questions. Contrariness adds value.
A positive resolution of these questions along with reform of the old bretton woods arrangements can usher in a more workable world structure. The question is whether mr obama will recognise this opportunity at the coming G20 meeting or whether the advice of old advisers will keep him, and the rest of us, in the current economic and strategic rut.
A bronze horse head, stolen in 1860 after British and French troops sacked the Summer Palace in Beijing, is displayed in the tacky foyer of Ho’s flagship casino and guarded by security staff in bright orange blazers and grey ties. Next to the horse head, and apparently without any intentional irony, is a slightly cross-eyed bust of the great tycoon himself.
Suntech is the poster child for the excesses of the chinese solar panel industry, whose subsidy-fuelled expansion collapsed into a severe glut after overseas markets dried up.
A property market crash or a government debt disaster are the most sensational risks facing Chinese trust companies, but they are distant prospects. The most immediate concern for trusts is the growing array of financial institutions moving onto their turf.
Foreign fast-food chains in China face possible supply chain disruption as authorities step up checks on a meat supplier after allegations that it was passing off expired products as fresh.
us growth heated up more than initially thought in the third quarter, while a key measure of housing prices surpassed its pre-recession peak, in the latest sign that donald trump will inherit a brightening economy.
The consequences are twofold: a shortage of credit to those who need it most (tales of small companies failing to pay utility bills are multiplying) and the disintermediation of the formal banking system. The PBoC has only just begun to keep tabs on what it calls “total social financing”, which on top of net new bank loans includes trust loans, corporate bonds and equity, and funding from insurers. This snapshot suggests that informal financing is growing much more quickly than formal financing.
Mr Faber, a former investment banker at Drexel Burnham Lambert’s hong kong office who now lives in Thailand, is best known for his permanently bearish views on markets and the economy, which he shares through his “Gloom, Boom and Doom Report” newsletter.
The former journalist was propelled to victory by a large turnout of Tory voters living in prosperous outer suburbs of London such as Bromley. He won 1,168,738 votes after second preference choices were allocated.
To compensate, economists say the countries must transform themselves into western-style service-based economies, in which financial services play a large role.
A spectre is haunting the global economic system. “Phantom” foreign direct investment now accounts for 40 per cent of the global stock of foreign direct investment, or around $15tn in total, according to IMF research. This capital, equivalent to the annual national income of China and Germany combined, plays no productive role in the economies which host it, instead it is moved around the world purely to reduce big companies’ tax bills.
Russian membership in western organisations is not exactly yielding positive results. The G7+1 cannot become a G8 until Russia begins to act like a mature free-market democracy. It’s hard to work up much optimism on that score with president vladimir putin claiming that recent protests in his country are choreographed by western spies and that he couldn’t make it to the latest G8 summit at Camp David because he was busy putting together his new cabinet – always a complicated chore in an authoritarian country. Mr Putin’s absence made little difference as discussion turned to Afghanistan and the eurozone, where Russia can’t help, and to Iran and Syria, where Russia is part of the problem.
A few months ago, Fairton lost Bally, one of its earliest customers, when TPG, the shoemaker's private equity owner, decided to sell its controlling stake to Austrian group Labelux and to cancel its 16-year distribution arrangement with Fairton. This prompted a rethink within Fairton.
New curbs for us banks that restrict their ability to trade with their own capital will hit liquidity and demand for eurozone government bond markets at a time when both are in short supply, bankers have warned as they prepare to lobby regulators to water down the rules.
The indian government has taken steps to catalogue some of the country's missing monuments and archaeological treasures but activists insist much more needs to be done to prevent hundreds more monuments from going missing as India's cities swell with new residents.
With inflation easing from a weather-induced spike in February, some food companies have successfully applied to the government for the right to increase prices. The NDRC approved price increases for Bright Dairy and Shijiazhuang Sanlu's selected milk products on March 26 and Wilmar's selected retail edible oil on April 1.
This will cause the budget deficit to balloon this year and add to China's already huge pile of debt. But Mr Shearing believes Beijing probably possesses the financial headroom to avoid slipping into a debt crisis.
The An family, the first to start selling their handmade homewares, have been profiled by several Chinese news outlets after becoming wealthy from their trade and encouraging friends and neighbours to follow suit. This has turned Wantou into one of retailer Alibaba’s “Taobao Villages”, where groups of people form a mini-industry by selling similar products online. Their activity can boost the local economy by giving rise to demand for other goods and services.
The same pattern was seen in Europe where the FTSE Eurofirst 300 index, which was up 0.9 per cent in morning trade and down 2.4 per cent at its worst, partially recovered to end the day 0.9 per cent lower at 1,469.02. In London there was a near 200-point swing on the FTSE 100 index, which closed down 0.9 per cent at 6,116.0,
Prof Goodenough’s work ethic demonstrates what is wrong with the oft-told story in rich countries about the young shouldering an ever greater burden as they support an ageing population. Those like the professor who might once have been pensioned off by their mid-sixties are now working longer themselves. The young, meanwhile, do not go off to earn as early as they once did, and spend far longer studying.
The move is the first sign in Asia that the Washington debt gridlock is pushing key financial institutions to protect themselves and markets in case of a default.
Bankers said that vaulting had become highly profitable. Rising bullion prices translate into higher storage fees, which are usually calculated as a percentage of the gold price. gold prices this week rose to a nominal record of $1,251.20 a troy ounce, up 14.5 per cent since January. Yesterday, bullion traded at $1,226.
And, over-reaching himself, Mr Dale is tempted into making some rather less obvious but more questionable statements.
Wynn Macauhas announced its first decline in quarterly revenue since 2009, blaming slower chinese economic growth and tougher competition in the Asian gaming hub.
The consumer price index target was set at 4 per cent (a percentage point above last year’s missed 3 per cent target). So far this year, though, the government hasn’t been any more successful than in 2010. food prices continue to rise (though at a slower pace after the Lunar New Year banquets came to an end in mid-February). housing prices also are going up despite measures to curb the appreciation. And the prices of commodities that china imports such as oil and coal continue to climb, up 30 per cent in the past three months.
This week, sleek new CRH380s – the CRH stands for China Railway High-speed – will begin commercial service between Beijing and Shanghai. But China’s railway mandarins may be regretting their choice of name.
Ronaldo Luis Nazario de Lima, known as Ronaldo, was born in Itaguai, Rio de Janeiro, in 1976. After leaving school early to pursue a career in football, he went on to become one of the greatest players of all time, leading Brazil to victory in the 2002 World Cup. In 2010, he co-founded 9ine, a sports marketing agency.
Beijing is unhappy with the UK’s decision to send former Liberal Democrat minister Danny Alexander to its high-profile new development bank and has placed him in a job heading up communications.
Shanghai Pudong development bank jumped 8.2 per cent to Rmb35.29 while China Coal Energy gained 4.6 per cent to Rmb18.52.
“They are petty scoundrels who can’t be reasoned with,” said Mr Xiang, referring to the Committee on foreign investment in the US and President Obama, who last month blocked a Sany-affiliated wind farm in Oregon on national security grounds.
Last, California should open a dialogue with regulatory, environmental and policy leaders in the western states to address the possibility that emitters may choose to locate elsewhere in the region to avoid the state’s mandate. The compact between the governors of California, Washington and Oregon is a sign that we can all benefit by working together to reduce climate emissions.
Mr Cameron’s support for a bill that would weaken the trade unions, and the cutting of tax credits this week, show that employment rights are under attack. One can imagine that the many rights we derive from European legislation, which underpins paid holidays, working time protection and improved maternity and paternity leave, are under threat too.
“Rather than advocate for disclosure of the defeat device to US regulators, VW executive management authorised its continued concealment,” adds the complaint.
Shares in Fannie and Freddie, which hold or guarantee most US home loans, fell as much as 14 per cent in afternoon trade following reports suggesting Fannie could require a us government bail-out.
The figures, produced by Citi, will add to pressure on GSK’s top executives as they face the threat of a substantial fine triggered by Chinese allegations of bribery totalling up to $500m.
Abouyaaqoub was the last of the 12-man cell to remain at large, as the others have either been killed or captured in recent days.
Rather, Mr Dalio, founder and chief investment officer of money manager Bridgewater Associates, said the longer-term solution would involve currency policies – such as a revaluation of the Chinese renminbi – to address the US’s trade imbalance.
The issue of legal tender in Scotland was clarified when a Scotsman, presumably trying to make a point, attempted to pay a local authority in Scottish banknotes. The local authority, presumably also trying to make a point, rejected his offer. The court told them all not to be silly. A debt can be settled by an offer any reasonable person would accept. This is the practice, and probably the law, everywhere, including Scotland.
The main worry, bankers say, is the requirement that the holding company seeking to take controlling stakes in joint ventures must have a net asset value of at least Rmb100bn ($15.9bn), a proposed rule put forth in a March consultation paper by China’s securities regulator.
Suntech’s Wuxi subsidiary is the first big chinese solar group to declare insolvency and the world’s biggest such bankruptcy, following a string of failed western solar companies including Q-Cells in Germany and Solyndra in the US.
CIC was created in 2007 with the aim of improving returns on state funds. It has courted much controversy since then, not least after shelling out billions of dollars for stakes in Blackstone and Morgan Stanley of the US in 2007 only to rack up big paper losses in the subsequent months.
China yesterday agreed to lift restrictions on imports of Brazilian chicken and to allow in more beef, further boosting the two countries' fast-growing trade partnership.
China Telecom, the country’s largest fixed-line carrier by sales, is targeting the Brazilian market, as chinese groups expand their interests beyond the resources sector in Latin America’s largest economy.
The world risks becoming ever more reliant on Middle Eastern oil as lower prices derail efforts by governments to curb demand, the west’s leading energy body has warned.
Yet this Trumpian special was born of negligence rather than design. Had mr trump wished to inflame Arabist sentiment, he could not have done it better. That would have been a more reassuring explanation. In practice, alienating Palestinians was collateral damage. mr trump could not resist the adulation — down to the outsized typeface of his name on the embassy plaque — around the event. Such is Mr Trump’s love of branding that he is prepared to be reckless with his own agenda.
“This is leading to a flight to quality, due to which the leading business schools continue to do well, but others are facing quite serious competitive consequences. In Asia, by contrast, the booming demand for high quality business education from China and India and from the [other] asian countries promises growth for decades, if not longer,” says Prof Jitendra.
Cryptocurrencies stormed into the public consciousness in November 2013 when the price of just one bitcoin broke through the $1,200 level.
The shares suffered after the first expiration of a ban that prohibited pre-IPO investors from trading their stocks, releasing 271m shares.
But what I see in my own neighbourhood underscores how Mr Trump’s fumbling response to coronavirus is part of a bigger national problem. Policy choices, made over decades, have re­lent­lessly favoured the interests of the private sector in general, and large corporations in particular, over both the state and labour, in ways that are proving costly to our health and our economy.
Some agricultural markets - rather than just state markets - were permitted during the "economic improvements" of 2002, but ad-hoc markets have since sprung up around the country with the tacit approval, if not the encouragement, of the regime. These markets are now the backbone of North Korea's creaking economy as the regime provides almost nothing by way of rations any more.
The Vix is up 17 per cent for the year, and emerging markets have underperformed developed ones by some 12 per cent since their peak in October. But the dollar trade-weighted index is at its lowest since October, down 14 per cent since last year’s Greece crisis, and down 3 per cent for the year.
Lenovo has expressed cautious optimism that the new Chinese leadership’s economic policies will help the country remain a global economic motor despite short-term pressures on growth.
Pretoria has a current account deficit equivalent to 9 per cent of gross domestic product, the Johannesburg stock exchange has lost 30 per cent of its value over the past 12 months and raising fresh banking capital has become extremely expensive.
Maximum austerity and minimum reform have been the outcome of the Greek crisis so far. The fiscal and external adjustments have been painful. But the changes to a polity and economy riddled with clientelism and corruption have been modest. This is the worst of both worlds. The Greek people have suffered, but in vain. They are poorer than they thought they were. But a more productive Greece has failed to emerge. Now, after the election of the Syriza government, a forced Greek exit from the eurozone seems more likely than a productive new deal. But it is not too late. Everybody needs to take a deep breath.
The two sides have been at loggerheads over the price to be paid for the stake, with KDB balking at the valuation demanded by Dick Fuld, Lehman's chief executive, according to people close to the talks.
Similar methods started being employed in the mid-1990s against journalists and politicians, notably those delving into corruption. Victims included Dmitry Kholodov, a reporter with Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper, Vladislav Listyev, a television presenter, and Galina Starovoitova, a democratic politician.
The yen carry trade is back with a vengeance. Selling low-yielding yen in favour of other, higher-yielding currencies has helped push Japan’s trade weighted exchange rate to its weakest level in 21 years in real effective terms.
With leaders of both parties pledging there would be legislation in Congress this week, senators were discussing bringing the bail-out plan before the upper house as early as tonight.
The Asian lender is hoping the fund will have about $200m, enough to finance about 40 carbon reduction projects. It hopes the move will also encourage other public and private investors to invest in carbon credits that may come on stream after 2012.
Another Rover-related anniversary is now looming. Last May, Nanjing Automobile Corporation, which bought the manufacturing assets of MG Rover out of administration, held a ceremony at Longbridge to celebrate resumed production of the MG TF sports car.
The Wharton EMBA involves the same number of classroom hours as the full-time degree and there are no plans to change this, says dean Tom Robertson.
Recession alarms sounded loudly this summer thanks to an inversion of the US yield curve, which means rates on shorter-term debt are higher than those on longer-term ones. That came as the current economic expansion broke records and we experienced a global slide in measures of manufacturing sentiment.
“There has been no shortage of lower-quality paper in this cycle and investors have been willing to gobble up virtually anything on offer,” said Merrill. “AAA-rated corporate issues now account for a historically low proportion of debt outstanding.”
Saturday’s meeting, which will take place in Singapore, is thus a huge milestone. Yet it raises as many questions as hopes. It is not difficult to see what is concentrating Beijing’s mind on Taiwan. China fears that the island it regards as a province is likely next January to elect a president from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) and that it may also win a majority in the Taiwan legislature. Polls suggest that both these outcomes are likely, potentially creating Taiwan’s most independence-leaning political culture in decades.
Being an “enemy of China” is a disconcerting experience. About 10 years ago I inadvertently slipped into this role, when I wrote a cover story for The Economist headlined: “Containing China”.
central banks are the focus of attention for two reasons. Few regulators saw the financial crisis coming. Few governments have room for manoeuvre through an old-fashioned counter- cyclical fiscal stimulus. The UK is a classic example, wasting years of solid economic growth by consistently running large public sector deficits rather than building surpluses. Golden Rules or Maastricht criteria can be broken, for short-term political gain, only at the expense of destroying the carefully cultivated picture of “prudence”. The US may be furthest advanced in bowing to the inevitable. As financial institution after institution accepts public sector support, the cost to the Treasury rises – but this is an election year and the next administration will pay the bill.
Testifying before Congress, the fed chairman also criticised the use of financial instruments, such as credit default swaps (CDS), that destabilised a country or created runs against governments as “counterproductive”. Mr Bernanke's comments came as an official in german chancellor angela Merkel's ruling Christian Democratic Union party said the G20 nations were discussing whether a ban on the speculative use of CDS was workable.
India plans to launch a public database of the country's worst polluters, modelled on a list compiled by China last year, according to Jairam Ramesh, environment minister.
This trade is one of the handful that strategists are developing as the so-called commodities supercycle that has dominated the market for the past decade, moves to a softer phase that I call a less-super commodities supercycle. ="" br=""
The Shanghai deal is the first LNG supply agreement signed by China since 2002, because rising global prices for the resource have made such deals uneconomic for a local market in which the gas price is fixed. The lengthy delay in signing deals has been a setback for the country’s once-ambitious plans for LNG, a cleaner-burning fuel than coal, the traditional source of energy.
“If I was the founder of [these companies] I'd be sending really generous early Christmas gifts to Elon Musk,” said Michael Dunne, founder of consultancy ZoZo Go, referring to the Tesla chief executive.
However, the remarks by David Wang, chief executive, are likely to add to investor doubts about the chances of a turnround for the company, which has struggled over the decade since its establishment.
Apollo and Citigroup subsequently extended loans to Kushner Companies to help finance real estate in Chicago and Brooklyn, respectively.
Thus far – thankfully – that collateral issue has not sparked visible panic, partly because most institutions were so shell-shocked last week that they played for time.
The announcement by Han Zheng was his first detailed public comment about the corruption probe, which led to the detention last year of the party secretary in Shanghai, the city's most senior official.
But events have conspired to give him an unexpected boost. Last Sunday’s shooting of Jacob Blake, who is black, by police in Kenosha, Wisconsin has sparked a wave of protests in this sleepy Midwestern city of fewer than 100,000 residents. Several nights of unrest saw buildings set on fire, fatal gunfire and scuffles among protesters and counter-protesters.
At the time, Japan was rapidly hauling itself from the first category to the second, while Argentina was apparently attempting the unorthodox manoeuvre of climbing from the third world to the first and then falling back again.
The emerging fight over the future of the welfare state, a paradigm without serious political challenge in eight decades, is accentuating the centre’s decline. The welfare state has run up against a brick wall of economic reality and fiscal book-keeping. Congress, having enacted increases in entitlements without visible means of funding them, is on the brink of stalemate. As studies by the international monetary fund have demonstrated, trying to solve significant budget deficits mainly by raising taxes has tended to foster decline. Contractions have also occurred where spending was cut as well, but to a far smaller extent.
“The suspension of international flights makes Sanya one of the best options for China’s beachgoers,” said Susan Zhang, an official at the Ritz-Carlton Sanya.
Brazil's currency and stocks fell sharply yesterday after the government imposed a 2 per cent tax on foreign portfolio investments to stem the rapid rise of its exchange rate.
Which is why Richard Plackett, head of merrill lynch Investment Managers’ small-cap team, is happy to bring his bridge skills to bear on his portfolio.
Yes, you read that correctly: the US’s so-called “Golden State” is now devoting more resources to locking up its adults than educating its kids. This is partly because crime rates have risen while voters have blocked increases in taxes for schools. It is hard to imagine a more dispiriting pattern, particularly given its implications for future growth.
It also asks the board to undertake a review of the bank's governance structures “with the aim of ensuring that it is capable of effectively dealing with the challenges raised for the institution”.
Then, in 1998, Citicorp and Travelers announced a merger, even though the combination was forbidden by US law. The deal sparked a huge lobbying effort for a new banking regulation structure.
The government gave initial approval to stock incentive plans by companies listed on mainland exchanges at the start of the year and institutional investors in China have embraced the concept just as US fund managers have cooled on the benefits of stock options.
It is a model that lags behind other professions when it comes to gender diversity. Few female lawyers reach the level of partner, when they typically share in a firm’s profits rather than take home a salary.
I would prefer a car driven by a computer to a car driven by a human who is distracted by a phone. One auto executive recounted in Geneva how a friend of his had been seriously injured when a woman who was texting at the wheel of a car drove straight through a junction and knocked him off his motorcycle.
“I pay more attention to downgrades than the other way round,” said Mr Huang.
One word crops up repeatedly in Singaporean authorities’ discussions on the environmental risks facing the low-lying country: “existential”.
The deal is also a neat summary of PetroChina's growth problem. In spite of a lot of bluster earlier this year about &ldquo seizing historic opportunities,&rdquo  few of its deals move the needle. Since December it has spent about $3.4bn on bits and pieces &ndash  gas fields in Kazakhstan and a Singapore refinery &ndash  while taking various assets from its parent. Some deals the group has coveted, such as Verenex's Libyan oil properties or Repsol's YPF, have stalled, apparently for political reasons. Paying over the odds for a potential 35,000 barrels a day in Alberta &ndash  1 per cent of the group's current output &ndash  is only small consolation.
private banks have even turned this into a lucrative line of business. It is now a central task for them to educate heirs on how to be rich. They even hold “boot camps” in the world's greatest financial centres to help the heirs to the very wealthy get to know each other. Parents complain that their heirs will not listen to them when they talk about money, but they might just listen to a private banker.
david cameron is on the threshold of 10 Downing St after an exit poll suggested the country had rejected Gordon Brown's government, but left the Conservatives short of a Commons majority.
He added that returns could be boosted by investing in equities or other instruments, rather than focusing heavily on US Treasuries and eurozone bonds.
“What some people are hoping is that the bottom fishers will appear and help the market self-correct,” says one big ABCP issuer.
Last week, the author JK Rowling was in new york on a two-pronged mission. The first part of her crusade was unsurprising: the movie based on her book Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them opens this month and she and lead actor Eddie Redmayne were in town to promote it.
The group, reeling from its worst ever financial crisis because of far-reaching problems at its US nuclear subsidiary Westinghouse, took the unusual step of publishing unaudited accounts for the three months to December 31.
The creation of the National Guard, which was announced unexpectedly on Tuesday, marks a major shift in the structure of Russia’s domestic security forces at a time when the Kremlin is braced for rising social unrest amid economic woes. Interfax, a news agency, cited a source familiar with the matter as saying the new security force was likely to number 350,000-400,000.
It is now abundantly clear to even the most bullish observers that China’s investment-reliant, credit-fuelled, export-heavy, low-cost manufacturing growth model has run its course. The optimists point out that thanks to the magic of compound growth, an expansion of 5.6 per cent in the next five years would be equal to 8.6 per cent over the past five years and 11 per cent in the past decade. They also point to evidence of a long-awaited shift from manufacturing and heavy industry to services and consumption as chinese growth starts to rely less on mining and more on dining. Closer inspection of the data provides a more worrying picture.
It is the second upward revision following an initial estimate of 4 per cent. It shows how strongly the economy bounced back after shrinking in the first quarter due to bad weather.
The Office/bbrWhat they wear: receptionist Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) wears pastel twinsets while administrative assistant Angela Martin (Angela Kinsey) chooses prim high-necked blouses.brWhat's worth taking away: colour lovers can get their fix with pastels.brWhat's not: these girls don't usually wear jackets but should.b
Economists said the data would lead to an upward revision of us economic growth in the second quarter, from the 1.9 per cent annualised rate reported last month.
In brief, mr trump attempted a coup. Worse, the great majority of Republicans agree with his reasons for doing so. A huge number of federal legislators went along. The coup failed, because courts rejected evidence-free cases, and state officials did their jobs. But 10 former defence secretaries felt the need to warn the military to stay out.
UK parcel service Collect Plus last year handed over its last Christmas delivery at 1am on December 25  it took its first return eight hours and 10 minutes later.
China has said the next president of the World Bank should be chosen on merit, seeking to challenge a tradition that the bank’s chief be a US citizen, though it did not suggest a candidate.
“These are relevant to determining prices and costs in anti-dumping. Once these criteria are fulfilled, we won’t wait a day,” he told journalists after the summit.
Correlation between buoyant economies and their markets suggest investors should take note. China’s quasi capitalism distorts the picture but Japan and America illustrate, respectively, the impact of stagnant and healthy growth on businesses and real estate.
The ranking is based on growth in shareholder returns and market capitalisation achieved during the tenure of chief executives appointed since 1995. It includes chief executives who have since left office.
Calm, composed and consistent are the watchwords of the european central Bank. Except perhaps if you listen in Spanish, French or Italian.
“Caught RED HANDED” he tweeted. “Very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the north korea problem if this continues to happen!”
The intellectual impact of the crisis has already been colossal. The “Greenspanist” doctrine in monetary policy is in retreat. It no longer seems clear that it is easier for central banks to clean up after asset price bubbles burst than to prick them when they are small. Monetary authorities will need to be more concerned both about financial stability and global imbalances which allowed a few countries to build up vast surpluses while a few others ran yawning deficits.
Defence expenditure is budgeted to rise to Rmb670.247bn in 2012, said Li Zhaoxing, National People’s Congress spokesman.
A further 1m people will lose their jobs by the end of the year, with chancellor Rishi Sunak’s new work support scheme failing to stop a wave of redundancies that will hit young and low-skilled workers the hardest, economists predicted on Friday.
After the collapse of Bretton Woods, some european countries attempted to manage their exchange rates against each other in the evocatively named &ldquo currency snake&rdquo , which hardened into a more formal system of fixed values and, eventually, the euro.
It spawned “fast fashion” – clothes so cheap they can be thrown away after a couple of wears, but buyers beware: price deflation is coming to an end and shopping is about to get more expensive.
To president xi jinping and his successors, managing economic transition while maintaining social stability is far more important than following and responding to the frivolous tweets of the man occupying the White House.
With just four days left before the country faces the risk of default, Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the international monetary Fund, warned that if the debt ceiling, which will be reached at midnight tomorrow, is not lifted, the global economy would be disrupted.
The latest cuts come in RBS's manufacturing division, which includes technology, call centres and group property. RBS said 9,000 jobs would be affected globally &ndash  including 4,500 in the UK &ndash  over the next two years, though it suggests the number of jobs lost will be &ldquo significantly&rdquo  lower.
But based on the latest data, this prediction might be premature. In contrast to popular perception, evidence from China suggests that the internationalisation of the renminbi is stalling – and in many respects it has barely got off the ground.
This was to be expected. The uncertainties revolved around two issues: how the plenum would deal with the role of the state and how the leadership would demonstrate its intentions to act.
US shareholders scored one of their biggest victories in years yesterday when regulators proposed a new rule allowing them to nominate company directors.
China is set to import the largest amount of corn in more than 15 years, according to us government analysts in Beijing, injecting new demand into a tight global market.
to survive indefinitely with periodic infusions of new credit.
Lead has soared since Ben Bernanke, Fed chairman, raised the idea of more quantitative easing at the end of August, rising just under 20 per cent. Copper and other base metals have also been transmuted: copper and gold have performed almost exactly alike.
The $6bn-in-assets hedge fund hardly noticed the brief but dramatic reversal. “We saw nothing,” he says, with a chuckle.
Australia's underlying annual inflation rate surged to 4 per cent its highest level in nearly 17 years and Singapore posted a 26-year high. price rises in hong kong and Malaysia were more modest only because of government intervention in such areas as housing and subsidies for food and fuel.
Economists have always been keen to borrow principles from the hard sciences. In the 19th century L&eacute on Walras and William Stanley Jevons both started their work with a view to importing the insights of physics into the economic sphere. Irving Fisher, the great neoclassical economist whose 1930s work has been rediscovered during this crisis, even wrote his doctoral thesis at the turn of the 20th century under the supervision of a physicist.
Fuelling Google’s difficulties is a letter sent by four German ministers to the European Commission, urging the EU’s executive arm to consider far-reaching legislation to regulate internet platforms so “positions of economic power remain open to competition”. The 11-page paper, whose lead signatory is the German economics minister Sigmar Gabriel, argues it may be necessary to introduce “platform neutrality” to tackle abuses of dominance, either through tough antitrust enforcement or new legislation.
“We are not rose-coloured-glasses optimists about China,” Mr Morrison said. “We have a practical and real appreciation about what some of their vulnerabilities are.”
“China will diversify the use of its reserves but, as to how it is actually done, there are still some different ideas,” said Ha Jiming, an economist with china international capital Corp, a local investment bank. “There will almost certainly be some outsourcing as a result – it's difficult for the government to manage the reserves this way and invest abroad.”
Soon after the BoJ signalled the end of the zero interest rate policy in March, hedge funds and other investors involved in the so-called carry trade ?C in which investors borrow cheaply in currencies such as the yen to invest in high-yielding foreign assets elsewhere ?C began to reduce their exposure to some of the more popular of such trades. This led to declines for high-yielding currencies from new zealand to Iceland.
Why is the MBA price tag such a hefty one?
Japanese shares had their biggest one-day fall since 1987 in a grey day for Asian equities as fears deepened that more financial institutions would fail after the IMF said the global banking sector may need $675bn of fresh capital.
China’s exports fell 3.5 per cent year-on-year in March, marking a modest rebound for the country’s trade sector after steep falls in January and February owing to the global coronavirus pandemic.
Get set for a suckers' rally. On Monday, Guilin Sanjin Pharmaceutical, China's biggest producer of herbal lozenges, should rustle up the nation's first initial public offering since September. The resumption of festivities is long overdue. But more important is the regulatory overhaul that accompanies it. The stated aim is to shift closer to international norms, where institutional demand rather than the regulator sets stock prices.
Lehman has now cut 2,050 jobs as a result of the current mortgage market turmoil, or about 7 per cent of its 28,323 workers. Most of the current cuts will come in the US, with a smaller amount in the UK and Korea.
“It's bad, isn't it?” I enquire meekly when Dee arrives and stands looking at my closet. “No,” she says, having clearly heard this before. “It's normal.” Then she pulls out her tape measure. The biggest mistake people make with closets, she says, is not measuring their space properly. That, and believing they need padded hangers (“Padded hangers,” says Dee, “take up space”). Other mistakes include being snobby about the efficacy of baskets (I had always thought they were a decorative affectation) and being too embarrassed to ask for help. My satin hangers were switched for hard plastic ones coated in a softer faux-velvet that were about half the width, and a number of wicker baskets appeared that fitted perfectly into the cubby holes and could thus be pulled out and sorted through with minimal disturbance to the overall design. Everything was colour-coded, folded, and hung in such a way that it looked like an “after” picture from a house makeover. And as I stood before that thrillingly clear sartorial space, it occurred to me: a messy closet may not be reflective of a messy mind, but it is reflective of a messy schism. After all, the stuff at the bottom of the list at the office is the first stuff you learn to delegate (opening mail, filing, expenses) – why not at home? We are all so busy drawing boundaries between the public us and the private us, we don't always draw conclusions. Neat files aren't the only thing that can help you think. Neat shoes help too.
Clarence House, the prince’s official residence, said the Prince of Wales, 71, had been tested for the illness in Aberdeenshire, where he has an official residence at Birkhall, on the queen’s Balmoral Estate.
A Santander Mortgages report of house prices near the UK’s top 100 performing primary and secondary schools found that rising demand to secure a place at an outstanding school was leading to some parents paying huge premiums for a home in their preferred school’s catchment area.
At first limited to seasoned amateurs, the interest has now moved into broader sections of society, especially in cities such as Shanghai. "In the past few months, I have seen more and more people coming in to open accounts who have no previous experience," says Liu Shijun, manager of a branch of Citic Securities in Shanghai. "The ages seem to be getting younger and younger."
It was also Mr Schmidt who saw Google through its rocky initial public offering in 2004. This played on his “multilingual skills”, says Mr Moritz, where he can communicate effectively with engineers, sales people and financial analysts “with great charm and patience”.
Nearly three decades of technology history have ended. From the moment in 1985 when bill gates released the first version of an operating system for the new IBM personal computer, Microsoft has had a huge entrenched advantage against its competitors. Many of them – from Lotus to Netscape and, for a time, Apple – were flattened.
After just six months in office in 2010, uk prime minister david Cameron went to China hoping to return with a trunk full of deals. From the High-Speed Two rail project to the new Hinkley Point nuclear reactor, investment from Beijing was promoted as the answer for a country grappling with government spending cuts.
UK output per head and labour productivity are vastly below long-term trends. In 2012, for example, gross domestic product was 12 per cent below the 1950-2007 trend. This is the result of a deep recession followed by the weakest recovery on record. The one ameliorating factor, low joblessness, is a mirror image of the productivity collapse. This is a policy failure, as Simon Wren-Lewis, the Oxford academic, has argued.
As was obvious during his dismal spell as foreign secretary, mr johnson is no grand strategist. He seems to have grasped, though, that once he has torn Britain out of the EU, the goodwill of a capricious us president is just about all there is left. Now we know what the Brexiters meant when they promised the sunlit uplands of “Global Britain”.
Twelve Asia-Pacific currencies – including the yen, the Korean won, the Indian rupee and the Australian dollar – have increasingly traded as a bloc since 2005, the bank's research has found.
The rules of supply and demand are straightforward. Online marketplace Alibaba knows this. As founder Jack Ma and his team travel the world talking to mobs of would-be buyers for the company’s American depositary shares, the offer price is rising. A $2 move (worth about $5bn in market capitalisation) is unlikely to shift the demand curve much. The deal was probably sold before “hello”.
Japan has confirmed the first case of a newly identified virus behind a  pneumonia outbreak that has hospitalised more than 40 people in China and a tourist in Thailand.
But while Wal-Mart pours tens of millions of dollars into its supply chain network, Carrefour has opted for a different model, which it believes is better suited to the Chinese market. Carrefour operates each of its 90 stores as self-contained units, managing their own supply chain – apart from the stores in Shanghai where it has a distribution centre. “In China, you don't have a logistics system, it is dislocated, so we adapt to working to the local economy,” says Jean-Luc Chereau, the chief executive of Carrefour China who has just retired but will remain a consultant.
In Brazil, the richest of the newly rich still take foot-in-the-sand beach houses in dirt-tracked fishermen's villages on the coast of Bahia. I've seen them, with their H Stern diamonds, enjoying $10 lunches.
At the weekend, Indonesia’s minister for industry said that Wuling would invest $700m in an assembly plant with an initial annual production capacity of 150,000 vehicles. According to the state Antara news agency, production is expected to begin in 2017.
A man was being held in custody on Monday in connection with the mass shooting at a Quebec City mosque, an act that prime minister Justin Trudeau condemned as a “terrorist attack on Muslims”.
Investigators have issued a subpoena to David Friehling, the accountant who audited the financial statements of Mr Madoff's firm, seeking documents going back to January 1st, 2000. Andrew Lankler, his attorney, confirmed the existence of the subpoena but declined to comment further.
When former us treasury secretary lawrence summers delivered his  famous address on the return of secular stagnation at the IMF in 2013, he revived interest in a Keynesian construct that had fallen into disuse since the 1940s. He argued that a chronic excess of savings, relative to capital investment, may be developing in the global economy, forcing long-term interest rates down and threatening a persistent shortage of demand.
China Pacific, the country's third largest insurer, is reviving its delayed hong kong stock listing. Want Want China, a snack maker, also plans to sell shares in the territory this month, in a sign that the hong kong equity market is recovering from a slow start to the year.
It is true that Melbourne's CH2 has taken time to overcome its teething problems – the lighting, for instance, turned out to be too dim – and it is possible that the pearl river Tower's solar and wind generators will never fulfil the building's goal of zero net energy use. But these ambitious projects are helping to set standards that all of Asia's large buildings will eventually have to follow – for the sake of the planet, and for the sake of anyone who pays an electricity bill.
The meeting will set the policy agenda for China’s government this year following a communist party gathering in October, where president xi Jinping declared a “new era” in which quality-of-life issues would take precedence over meeting numerical targets. Last year’s growth target was also 6.5 per cent.
rising food and commodity prices have prompted markets to bring forward expectations of rate rises, sparking the jump in volumes as inflation has become one of the biggest concerns for businesses, consumers and investors.
Telegram has told Russian regulators that it is technically unable to hand the encryption keys to user accounts to the country’s secret services, just weeks after the messaging platform was ordered to do so or risk being banned in the country
In a speech outlining his vision for the future of European economic and monetary union after the eurozone crisis, he called for medium-term measures that would allow EU members to veto national economic policy decisions if they endangered eurozone stability.
“The united nations does not want to become an accrediting body,” says Mr Cabrera. “It is the same with companies. The UN doesn't dictate how you go about fighting child labour – but what they will say is that, one way or another, once you sign up, it's a public commitment.”
Her creator, a start-up called Stealth, calls her an “autonomous artificial intelligence” designed to deliver professional services such as research and analysis. Since it is fashionable to predict that AI will supplant white-collar workers including journalists, I wanted to put it to the test.
China has rebounded faster and more strongly than any other major economy from the global financial crisis and economists believe the government will meet its target of 8 per cent growth in gross domestic product this year.
English wine today is, as well as being refreshingly crisp, technically well made and clean tasting. (‘Twas not always thus.) Even among the oaked wines the oak is generally well judged nowadays. The most common fault in the wines is lack of flavour, presumably not helped by the coolish climate but possibly associated with ambitious yields in some cases. If there is one varietal that cannot be accused of a lack of flavour it is the German vine crossing Ortega – but when it comes to this body-building grape, less is most definitely more. The reds tend to be works in progress半成品for the moment but there are some very pretty pinks, often appetisingly dry.
That is why, in recent weeks, the L-word of choice among banking types has shifted from "liquidity" to "leverage" - the financial equivalent of swapping glasses of water for shots of Eyeopener (for uncool readers, that is the vodka/Red Bull cocktail).
Samm Sacks, a senior fellow at the New America think-tank and a china tech policy expert, said the papers raised “red flags because of the nature of the technology, the author affiliations, combined with what we know about how this technology is being deployed in China right now”.
Australia's daring and almost incredibly successful plan to become the world's most energetic wine exporter was predicated on her ability to produce vast quantities of inexpensive, virtually machine-made wine in the heavily-irrigated Murray Darling basin. Hundreds of growers were told last month that there was only six weeks' supply of the crucial irrigation water left. Although some government help is promised, in prospect is hardship on a scale unknown among their counterparts in southern France and Italy, who have for decades been systematically cushioned from economic and market reality by generous EU subsidies. Wine Australia's long-term plan is being revised – towards greater reliance on cooler, wetter parts of the country. Green, brisk Tasmania and grey Victoria suddenly seem a lot more appealing to the vineyard investors so courted by the Australian government in the 1990s.
If they do, they are joking. (Approximately 61 per cent of British work conversation is spent trying to be funny.) But French meetings are different, says a new guide to Franco-British business relationships.
Moon Jae-in, a left-leaning politician who has said he would meet north korean leader kim Jong Un to reduce tensions, said the US and China were sidelining Seoul and showing a tendency to deal with the peninsula’s problems “in their own interest”.
But now some data scientists are jumping into the fray as well. Two academics at the MIT media lab in Boston – Sandy Pentland and Yaniv Altshuler – have been crunching vast quantities of computer data to track what happens to investors plugged into social media, such as Twitter.
At least seven LGFVs rushed to market in the days following the announcement. A three-year $300m bond sold by Sichuan Railway investment group on June 20 with a 3.8 per cent coupon was 12 times oversubscribed, according to an investor.
Mr Potter agrees that investors need to be aware that oil and gas stocks are a significant part of the Russian index. He says: "If you buy the Russian index, you are buying a predominant exposure to oil and gas and there is a lot more to the Russian market than just commodities. There is a huge developing market below the oil and gas stocks. Buying an ETF is not giving you exposure to Russia's growth story and I won't advocate buying an ETF in Russia if you want exposure to wider investment areas. Look towards banks, consumer stocks and food companies - that's where the action is."
The owners of bankrupt carmaker Saab are suing General Motors for $3bn, claiming the us company blocked a sales and production deal in China that would have kept the Swedish brand afloat.
A government committee chaired by recep tayyip Erdogan, prime minister, decided this week to proceed with buying the long-range anti-aircraft and ballistic missile system from the state-owned China Precision Machinery Import-Export Corporation, rejecting rivals bids from western groups. This was despite concerns that the new technology might not work with other Nato systems.Furthermore, the us treasury has imposed sanctions on CPMIEC a number of times, including this year, because of charges that it has been involved in the sharing of missile technology with countries such as North Korea.
"Derivatives are like anti-lock brake systems in a way - there is no question that they can make things safer, but only if people choose to use them that way. Often they don't - they might choose, for example, to drive faster in worse weather. Often we have chosen to use these tools not to decrease risks but to increase the benefits of taking the same risks."
The urge to produce a big report on the perceived weakness of the country's workforce and education system is not unique to the current Labour government. In fact, between 1867 and 1969 there were no less than 23 government surveys relating to vocational and technical education. But for anyone who wants to get to grips with Gordon Brown's skills campaign, the Leitch Review on Skills is the set text. Commissioned in 2004, Lord Leitch, the Chairman of the National Employment Panel and the former chief executive of Zurich Financial Services, was tasked with conducting an independent review of the UK's longterms skills needs. Like most of the previous reports, Lord Leitch's review is rooted in the fear that Britain risks losing out to better educated, more dynamic workforces elsewhere in the world. These days, the rapidly growing economies of China and India apparently pose the biggest threat to the uk economy  in previous eras, it was Germany, the US, Japan and the economies of south-east Asia. Two years in the making, Lord Leitch's report battered home its points in two successive reports. The first, published in December 2005, surveyed the current situation and found it wanting: the UK has only a "mediocre" mix of skills and its key competitors are raising their game. Continuing on its present course of investment in skills and education, it added, would barely improve the UK's position on the international league tables. In his second report, published last December, Lord Leitch outlined some of the solutions and ambitious targets to make skills at all levels "world class". To be among the top eight most skilled countries in the world, the UK will need: 2.3m more people with literacy skills  5.1m more with numeracy skills  5.7m qualified to Level 2  2.1m at Level 3  and about 5.5m with experience of higher education. Mike Campbell, head of research at the Sector Skills Development Agency (SSDA), says that this is the equivalent of every second adult in the UK gaining a higher level qualification before 2020.
You could call it divine intervention. A Hong Kong-listed unit of Foxconn surged by almost 60 per cent on Thursday after the Taiwanese Apple supplier’s chairman launched a presidential bid.
With 150,000 inhabitants, Baishizhou is the largest of Shenzhen’s so-called urban villages — densely populated areas that house about half of the city’s 12m population, attracted by cheap rents.
Halma has barely touched its &pound 60m debt facility, which was put in place last year, and finished the year with a &pound 7.7m of net debt, providing scope for further acquisitions.
Mr Modi’s government has also launched its so-called Smart Cities Mission, in which cities compete for funds to redevelop different zones and improve public services.
New energy vehicle sales in China, the world’s largest car market, fell for the third month in a row as a slowdown in the overall market expands to electric vehicles following cuts in government subsidies.
In recent years, it has been hard to feel sympathy for the rating agencies. In the credit boom, the agencies stoked the bubble by pumping out wildly – or wilfully – misguided analyses on issues from mortgage risk to Iceland.
He points out that the chances of students accepting their first offer are quite high, especially in the case of final-year students. With a job to go to, they can then concentrate on their final exams.
Hui Xiao, who is the former managing director of Hanlong Mining Investment, was on Friday accused of procuring his wife and others to buy shares in companies in which he had insider knowledge that they were the subject of proposed takeovers.
Valentino, known for its cocktail dresses and elaborate wedding gowns, fell under private-equity ownership in 2007 as part of Permira’s bid to take over Hugo Boss, the German fashion house that was then controlled by Valentino, in a €2.6bn deal.
Abdalla El-Badri, secretary- general of the Organisation of the petroleum exporting Countries, said the powerful cartel was considering cutting its investment in new oil production in response to moves by the developed world to use more biofuels.
A few years ago, I pointed out in a column that the cost of insuring the us government against a default in the credit derivatives market, had risen above that of McDonalds, the US fast food company, for the first time.
central bankers were surprised that Kuwait had broken ranks in spite of months of hints that it would act to offset the weakening US currency's effect on raising import prices, which were fuelling inflation.
north korea has proposed unconditional high-level talks with the US to discuss denuclearisation and easing tensions, less than a week after it called off negotiations with south korea over economic co-operation projects.
The Chicago Graduate School of Business is seeing strong interest from companies and students in job functions and industries that tend to do “just in time” recruiting, including sectors such as private equity, marketing, technology, real estate and hedge funds.
chinese president xi jinping told an  international import fair that his country would cut tariffs and investment barriers, while urging critics of the country’s business practices to fix their own problems before complaining about China.
There has also been growth in indices for investment areas that are often illiquid and difficult to measure, such as hedge funds and property.
Guangdong is trying to wean itself from low-cost manufacturing of textiles and electronics such as iPhones into a zone of high-end manufacturing and services. It is the biggest transformation of the region since Deng Xiaoping’s “southern tour” in 1992 boosted the growth of China’s special economic zones.
The washington post said Mr Mueller was preparing to interview two top intelligence officials about their interactions with president donald Trump. The move appears to confirm the suggestion from James Comey, the recently ousted director of the FBI, who last week told Congress that he was sure that Mr Mueller was investigating the possibility that the president had obstructed justice.
Many of the families targeted had members previously imprisoned in Riyadh’s Ritz Carlton hotel in 2017 and 2018, in what the government billed as a crackdown on corruption. Some of the detainees said they were tortured. Most were later freed after they reached financial settlements with the state.
Vietnam has called on the US and other nations to help resolve the escalating territorial disputes in the resource-rich south china Sea, in a move likely to anger Beijing.
The hologram works by projecting a live image of the lecturer on to a screen in front on the class. The lecturer, who must be presenting from one of the university’s several studios located across the world, has a live audio feed and a screen that shows their class. This allows them to watch and listen to students, and interact with them.
Twenty-two months after I took charge of Standard Chartered, one of the world’s largest international banks, Lehman Brothers collapsed, triggering the 2008 financial crisis. Some 22 months after I moved to the Global Fund to Fight Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria, a new strain of coronavirus emerged in Wuhan, China. My friends have asked me to warn them if I switch fields again.
This combination of enthusiastic consumers, a robust ecosystem and a supportive government has already guaranteed China increasing prominence on the global digital landscape. China’s outbound venture capital totalled $38bn in 2014-16, up from just $6bn in 2011-13, about three-quarters of which is pouring into digital related sectors. China is already in the global top three for venture-capital investment in virtual reality, autonomous vehicles, 3-D printing, robotics, drones and AI.
The last meeting in February 2002 laid the groundwork for a major reform of the large state banks, which involved the re- capitalisation of the three biggest institutions, followed by their listing overseas.
Saudi Arabia, the world’s biggest oil producer, yesterday backed an immediate production cut of 1m barrels a day as the Organisation of the petroleum exporting countries indicated its determination to defend $60 as a new minimum international price.
But it was not clear yesterday whether the deal would still require the approval of a cabinet committee that has sought to scrutinise oil agreements.
Morgan Stanley has blocked its interns in China from logging on remotely to the bank’s virtual network as foreign companies become increasingly concerned about Beijing’s tough cyber security rules.
For its part, Gieves & Hawkes was simply maintaining a longstanding tradition of film collaboration by supplying suits for Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Match Point's tennis-pro-turned-City-trader. According to the bespoke tailoring company's creative director Joe Casely-Hayford, Gieves & Hawkes supplied Charles Laughton's wardrobe for the 1935 version of Mutiny on the Bounty (having, incidentally, supplied original uniforms to the likes of Captain Blyth in the previous century). For Rhys Meyers' office look, it created a brown, single-breasted, two-button, striped fine wool, two-piece suit in accordance with Allen's preference for warmer tones when filming in London.
Autonomy is an issue supported equally forcefully in the southern city of Bangalore by Rishikesha Krishnan, professor of corporate strategy and the chairman for research at IIM Bangalore. He is particularly concerned about the government- determined salaries that the IIMs are allowed to pay faculty.
Authorities say Benjamin Chow, a Chinese-born US citizen, founder of Canyon Bridge Capital Partners conspired to commit securities fraud by passing on nonpublic information “through in-person meetings, voice messages, and text exchanges” regarding his firm’s potential acquisition of Lattice to a business associate and friend
"It represents the devolution of lobbying through American history," he says. "The right to petition the government is in the constitution, so it is a constitutional right. But it has devolved from citizens into these huge for-profit conglomerates. It has got to the point where citizens have been pressed out of capitol hill and these for-profit businesses have a permanent voice here."
Nearly a third of fund managers say the recent tightening of credit by authorities in Beijing, who are taking aim at the shadow banking sector, is now the biggest tail risk for markets, according to a Bank of America merrill lynch survey released this week. Not since January of 2016 has China ranked above the threat of a eurozone break-up as the biggest worry for investors.
Leading members of the Swiss Private Bankers Association have recognised they may have to raise tax compliance with clients and, if necessary, encourage them to declare previously hidden assets.
The news of the talks buoyed markets that have been falling on concerns that the us federal Reserve's 75 basis point interest rate cut would not be enough to prevent a painful recession in the world's biggest economy.
Frida Giannini, Gucci’s creative director, says: “Velvet has always been a signature material for Gucci  it brings a rich and effortless look to men’s tailoring.” The designer paired platinum grey, plum and deep russet brown two-button velvet blazers (£1,610) with black jeans, weekend bags and loafers on the autumn/winter runway. “This season I printed micro-patterns in luminous tones on to the velvet to give it a twist,” continues Giannini, “which means the jackets can move easily from day to evening. I think modern men now have the confidence to break traditions in the way they pair casual and formal.”
But many economists and central bankers believe a rate cut risks the "moral hazard" of bailing out reckless investors. Bill Poole, president of the St Louis Fed, told Bloomberg only a "calamity" would justify a rate cut now. Yesterday's move navigated the middle-ground between the two camps. But traders rejoiced, with one TV pundit calling mr bernanke a "rock star".
Some progress has been made. Announced disposals will reduce risk-weighted assets by about $50bn. These include large parts of its US business, such as a $30bn credit card book and nearly 200 branches in upstate New York. The bank says there are more deals in the pipeline. This is good. But an unexpected one-10th rise in costs last year has clouded the picture. With costs running at three-fifths of underlying net operating income, the jump makes it harder to realise the bank’s target of between 48 per cent and 52 per cent by the end of 2012. A chunk of the costs were one-offs, such as restructuring and reserving for UK retail customer redress. But nearly a third came from higher staff costs in Asia, caused by the need to pay up to attract and retain staff. This is more worrying: even if revenue growth in those units outstripped rising costs, which it did, it will be hard to cap expenses decisively.
The book also gives ammunition, however hay-wire, to many in China who argue that Beijing should resist pressure from the US and other countries to allow its currency, the renminbi, to appreciate.
A comparison between what happened in the 1930s and this post-crash period shows we have indeed learnt some important things. Compared with the Great Depression, the immediate declines in output and rises in unemployment were far smaller. Moreover, prices have also been far more stable this time. These are true successes. Nevertheless, after a decade, the level of output per head, relative to pre-crisis levels, is less impressive: Germany and the UK did even better last time. Moreover, the worst hit eurozone countries have suffered badly, by any standards. This recovery really has not been a triumph.
Clara Furse, chief executive of the LSE, hit back at Nasdaq, saying that based on current trading volumes, shares in the London exchange were underpinned by its own strong performance rather than on the bid from the US exchange.
Asian equity markets had another broadly weak session as oil prices rose and leading exporters were hurt by worries about a possible drop in US demand.
“Our preference would be to have a steel company that is allied to a construction company.”
If you are seeking an image for Asian growth, you could do worse than the giant holes being dug in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. From these great pits comes the iron ore used for making the steel that forms the latticework of Chinese skyscrapers and the girders of Indian bridges. The faster Asia grows, the deeper these Australian holes will get.
emerging economies must play a bigger part in unravelling global economic and trade imbalances that have helped create the financial crisis, according to Stephen Harper, Canada's prime minister.
Recall Resolution Trust Corporation? Long gone. Or Equitas, the vehicle created to rescue Lloyd’s of London, the insurer? Swallowed by Warren Buffett’s reinsurance business. Politically engineered bad-bank vehicles usually do what they can, then disappear. The IPO of Cinda, by trying to show that bad banks can make good, is different.
China’s president has also outlined a new “dual circulation” economic strategy, which prioritises the importance of strengthening domestic demand and technological innovation over closer integration with the outside world.
Jianpu has more than 80m registered users and expects to have 200m by 2020. China had 724m mobile internet users last year, many of whom are early adopters of innovative new products. According to the 2017 EY FinTech Adoption Index, 69 per cent of China’s digitally active users have adopted fintech solutions, compared with 33 per cent in the US.
The Japanese group will pay €1.05bn ($1.5bn) in cash for its former partner’s share. The deal marks a definitive exit from handsets for Ericsson and allows the Swedish company to concentrate on network equipment.
chinese authorities were fighting to contain the fallout from the tainted milk powder scandal yesterday as it threatened the dairy industry after it claimed three babies and left more than 6,000 children ill.
These included funding for research into liquid and other explosives, and efforts to close down internet sites that promote extremism or explain how to make bombs.
A suited woman, filmed from behind, walks down a corridor towards the light. Her heels ring on the floor. She passes two old men, wreathed in cigarette smoke. “Oppose us, will you?” they say. “Make a fool of the organisation?” The woman walks straight past. Four young men fall in behind her as she enters the light. Her face we never see, because we do not need to. The iconography, the silhouette and the story are unmistakable to every voter in Japan: Yuriko Koike.
Earlier this year, us president barack obama expressed concern about draft provisions in the law that could force foreign information technology groups to provide the chinese government with “back door” access to their products, encryption codes and other sensitive information.
US macroeconomic policy.
That success is threatened after two crashes of its next generation 737 Max single-aisle jet. The most recent was in Ethiopia on Saturday. This brought such terrible loss of life that a 7 per cent drop in market value, equivalent to $16bn, should be noted as an afterthought. Authorities in China and elsewhere wisely grounded the jet.
It is somehow unsurprising. This is exactly why Britain fell in love with Cantona in the 1990s and why his years at Manchester United were the centrepiece of one of the most thrilling epochs in the beautiful game. It takes only moments of meeting the 51-year-old Frenchman to discover that he remains, first and foremost, a performer. On the field, in his pomp, he could electrify tens of thousands of fans every time he made contact with the ball. Off the pitch the performance was even more audacious — a scene-stealing role as the French pseud surrounded by barbaric Brits.
This month in Fortaleza, the five Brics nations – Brazil, Russia, India, China and south africa – agreed to establish a development bank. They also set up a $100bn swap line, known formally as a contingent reserve arrangement, a deal that gives each country’s central bank access to emergency supplies of foreign currency. To borrow a phrase from Anton Siluanov, Russia’s finance minister, the five countries are attempting to conjure a mini-World Bank and a mini- international monetary Fund.
Better economic figures released this year, alongside emerging signs of a slowdown in us economic potential, has led to tumbling market expectations of a rate cut in recent weeks. Investors now believe that there is only about a 10 per cent chance of a reduction in official interest rates by the May meeting of the Fed's interest rate-setting committee, according to the federal reserve bank of Cleveland.
I sometimes think that a genetic defect is the reason I'm so fascinated with fish. My mother says that when I was a toddler, if I saw anyone fishing, she had trouble pulling me away. I took up fishing when I was very young but by the time I was 15, I wanted to try something new – preparing dead fish for display.
“We cannot comment on the return of the watch,” says Noemie Wuger of Breguet.
Officials in China and the UK have told the FT the chancellor rejected the concerns of British diplomats, who warned that the decision would alienate allies in Japan and the US. mr osborne only secured support for his stance by raising the issue at a meeting of the national security Council, at which the prime minister gave his assent.
“To some extent, that model led to a false confidence on the part of the banks. Somebody should have been saying: ‘Let's look at the big picture, what could go wrong? How well will we come out if it does go wrong?'
“It’s tough for delivery services to make money on low-cost snack foods,” says Zhang Cheng, head of Lawson’s China operations. “Ecommerce has only 1 per cent of the market for chilled products, so that is a core product for us.”
Shanghai, China's largest city and financial centre, has latched onto the Expo as its chance to establish its global profile as a dazzling metropolis in the same way last year's beijing olympics turned the world's attention to the nation's capital.
China and the US are top two in terms of producing and consuming pork and WH Group leads at both in each country. Pork consumption globally may grow slowly but China’s low per-head consumption leaves room for faster growth. Moreover, US brands can win over chinese consumers wary of local names following food scares. So there is potential. But first the company must prove this cross-border deal worked. A chinese company running a us food producer, given the rules that bind that industry, makes success tricky. For that reason, those 29 banks should aim to price this towards the lower end of the range. Investors will be taking risks and deserve to be left some early upside.
Franklin D Roosevelt’s New Deal was the epitome of crisis turned into opportunity. Within months of taking office in 1933, Roosevelt had taken the dollar off gold to reflate the economy, shut down and reopened the banking system after equipping it with deposit insurance, launched large public works programmes, radically regulated wall street and introduced a minimum wage. Social security, trade liberalisation, and housing policy reform soon followed.
You should only put your money into a conventional covered call fund if you can afford the risk that your investment will take a large hit from a stock market crash. Covered call funds tend to outperform other equity funds in such circumstances, but only slightly. That is because they gain some extra income from writing call options that are never exercised, and also because they tend to favour "defensive" stocks, which have a high dividend yield and generally fall less than other stocks in a downturn.
Harvard Business School, london business school (LBS) and MIT Sloan School of Management, three of the MBA ranking’s longstanding heavyweights, all lost ground to their competitors. Harvard drops two places to fourth, the first time in nine years that the Boston school has been outside the top three. london business school falls three places to sixth, its lowest position in 14 years. MIT Sloan School of Management falls to 13th place, the first time in 10 years that it has been outside the top 10.
Nonetheless, when the possibility of exit is raised, few big financial institutions want to surrender that extra business. They would rather see the UK stay and fight its corner than depart.
“Robots are going to be as popular as cars,” Mr Ma said yesterday in a joint appearance with Mr Son on the outskirts of Tokyo. “They will be everywhere and I think we all have to get ready for that.”
Brushing off such a possibility in the foreseeable future, Mr Vilsmeier comes across as an intense individual who retains more than a trace of the teenage computing geek he once was.
As a government our responsibility is to lay the foundations for the private sector to thrive  indeed, that is at the heart of our strategy for growth. We are reforming America’s schools so that businesses can hire the world’s most skilled and talented workers – with solutions driven not from Washington, but from across the country. We are training 100,000 new maths and science teachers. And we are both making college more affordable and revitalising our community college system, so that America continues to not only have the best universities in the world, but also the highest college graduation rates.
It is less than a quarter of an hour’s drive down Route 101 from the village-like campus of stanford university to Mountain View, the silicon valley home of Udacity.
“We had a screw-up,” Sir Stuart said, referring to the supply chain problems that left the Shanghai food hall sparsely stocked for the crucial early months of trading. M&S said food stocks have since returned to 90 per cent of normal, noticeably boosting the number of customers entering the store.
Malaysian opposition leader Mahathir Mohamad declared victory in a historic general election for the country on Wednesday, marking a sensational political comeback for the veteran south-east Asian leader despite no official announcement yet from the official election watchdog.
*One hope was that if corporate leaders come together they could think of doing projects on a large scale,* says Mr Kumar of Naandi.
In January the People’s Bank of China made two cuts to the amount of cash that commercial banks have to keep as reserves. The PBoC is also providing Rmb10bnto the China Bond Insurance Corp, a state-owned credit guarantee fund, to support debt sales by private firms. Moreover, bank lending and corporate bond issuance has picked up since the end of the year, with $3.7bn of us dollar bonds issued in the second week of January alone. Meanwhile, spreads on high-yield us dollar bond issues by chinese companies have narrowed compared with their US counterparts.
If women are so far ahead of men, why are they so far behind? Reports from both sides of the Atlantic show that female students dominate university courses, yet women still do not make it to the top.
The 1918 Spanish flu pandemic was caused by a virus that killed less than 2 per cent of its victims, yet went on to kill 50m worldwide. A highly pathogenic H5N1 virus that was as easily transmitted between humans could kill hundreds of millions more.
Changes planned for iOS 9, the iPhone and iPad operating system that will be pushed out later this year, include “Content Blocking Safari Extensions”, according to documents shared with app makers this week at Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference.
The pledge by Wang Qishan, if carried out, will give members of the ruling party some of the same protections that — on paper at least — are enjoyed by the people they rule.
In Asia, excluding Japan, UBS expects the liquid assets of wealthy people to grow almost 10 per cent a year up to 2009 compared with almost 6 per cent globally over the same period.
Total revenues for the 12 months to March rose 6 per cent to &pound 31.1bn ($61.7bn), with organic growth accounting for 4.3 per cent, while group ebitda increased 1.6 per cent to &pound 11.96bn, in line with market expectations.
On the military front, ties remain robust, with the US committed to its south korean presence. But vital issues such as a trade agreement and North Korea's nuclear weapons have been sidelined in the US, while China plays a greater role in both Koreas.
We had hiked across the border in the winter of 2008 from Afghanistan, my fifth such trip. We were travelling through the mountains to meet a Taliban leader, who said he would take me deep into the tribal areas and maybe to insurgent leaders Jalaluddin Haqqani and Gulbadeen Hekmatyar. I knew them from the 1980s, when I was a reporter living with the Mujahideen, the US’s allies in their war against the Soviet Union.
Other large hedge funds, such as Cerberus, Fortress or Och-Ziff, are also expanding into private equity or real estate as well as hedge and debt funds.
Mr Ernest said yesterday the park had received “well over” 5m guests so far, and should be able to hit its 5.6m goal later this month or in early October.
（a href="http://www.cna.tv/stories/corporatenews/view/43186/1/gb/.html" target= blankhttp://www.cna.tv/stories/corporatenews/view/43186/1/gb/.html/a ）
Full speed ahead for its carmakers? Not quite. Cutting-edge technology remains an issue for homegrown manufacturers. Getting it will be expensive and take time. Research and development costs at Great Wall, which is building a state-of-the-art testing facility, ate up 2.2 per cent of sales, against 2 per cent a year ago. Analysts at Bernstein think this will rise further. Earnings among the Chinese carmakers are not straightforward. Geely Automobile, which reported strong numbers last week, was helped by heavy subsidies. Both it and great wall also bolstered cash flow by seemingly cutting terms to dealers. How well that works out is open to question: this is a market still experimenting with its form, which makes it even trickier to forecast. Still, at least rising profits and improving cash flow make the sector worth a closer look.
The cost of fighting money laundering has risen dramatically for banks across the world because of the need to recruit additional staff and install technology systems to detect suspicious transactions.
Thousands of businesses and government agencies may have been exposed after downloading compromised software from SolarWinds, a Texas-based IT group.
Western powers blame russian president vladimir putin for starting the conflict by illegally annexing Crimea in 2014 — the first appropriation of European territory since the second world war — providing the catalyst for Russian-backed separatists to seize the eastern Ukrainian cities of Donetsk and Lugansk.
The head of Cofco, the Chinese state-owned grain trader, has laid out plans to turn the company into a publicly listed global powerhouse, highlighting Beijing’s decision to relax its policy of food self-sufficiency.
Yet, protectionism is a dangerous virus that requires a passionate response. Indeed, mr obama faces his two most serious protectionist challenges from the Buy American provisions that have infiltrated his stimulus package and from the China-bashing on “currency manipulation” that surfaced in the confirmation hearings of Tim Geithner, treasury secretary .
Buying Take-Two would give EA the hit stables of Rockstar and another studio, 2K Games, but Mr Riccitiello says: “I don't think you ever want to buy to fix a problem.
Audi’s move is the latest example of a traditional carmaker linking up with software specialists to avoid being left behind, as new entrants compete on self-driving vehicles and so-called “internet of things” connectivity. In July, German rival BMW teamed up with Israeli sensor maker Mobileye to produce autonomous cars over the next decade.
Increasingly in Mr Putin’s second term, the Kremlin has pursued a policy of consolidating control over what it deems to be strategic sectors by creating a national champion and then selling a minority stake to foreign investors who bring expertise and technology.
Al Gore theatrically wipes his brow, feigning exhaustion. It is mid-morning, and the former vice-president of the US has just completed the first big task of his day - a lecture on climate change to a hall of (appreciative) French financiers. As we meet, I ask how many times he has delivered this lecture now. He tots it up in his head: “About 1,200, I think.” He boggles his eyes, stares at me manically and gasps: “I'm obsessed!”We are in Paris at the handsome offices of BNP Paribas, host of the institutional investors Group on climate change conference, where Gore is the star attraction. As our rendezvous takes place not long after breakfast, a plate of sticky pastries has been left out for us. We gather some up, and I take some coffee. I offer to pour Gore a cup, but he has hankerings for a Diet Coke. A waiter is sent scurrying off to find one. (I have the impression they don't get many such requests - this is the 16th arrondissement, after all.) Gore throws off his dark blue suit jacket and sinks into an armchair, his trousers slightly hitched up to reveal long, black cowboy boots.
The talks were the first face-to-face negotiations between the sides since mr trump and Chinese counterpart xi jinping agreed a truce in their trade war at the G20 meeting in Osaka a month ago, following a previous round of discussions that ended without a deal.
Those who died – 36 women and 17 men, all apparently in their late teens or early 20s, and an eight-year-old girl – were among 121 Burmese citizens crammed into the back of a freezer-truck, normally used for carrying seafood, for a four- to five-hour journey to Phuket from Ranong, a seaport on Thailand's border with Burma.
Angry homeowners gathered to protest, holding banners with slogans such as “Return my blood and sweat money!” as police formed a barricade around the office entrance. The residents relented eventually, perhaps with the creeping realisation that the days of making easy money are over.
Brasília – the Brazilian capital carved from the savannah 50 years ago – is a hard city to love. I hate to say this while its architect, 104-year-old Oscar Niemeyer, lies ill in a Rio hospital, but Brasília was built for cars and architecture critics, not for people. It’s a place for bureaucrats to have a quiet life, a Bonn in the tropics. Traffic jams are rare, even at 5pm when the ministries empty and everyone sails home along the huge central axis. This is a middle-class town.
Western leaders expressed dismay at the disputed results that awarded a landslide victory to the firebrand incumbent, with Joe Biden, the US vice-president, saying there was &ldquo real doubt&rdquo  about them. Avigdor Lieberman, Israel's hardline foreign minister, called for co-ordinated action against Mr Ahmadi-Nejad.
Disposable nappies are a case in point: many Chinese grannies did not use them to raise the current generation, but today’s urban mainland mums rely on them.
At one end of the spectrum there are those who believe all racist taunts should be endured with equanimity. These include managers of call centres in India who insist on detachment at all times, their attitude being epitomised in an article on the internet that advises agents to deal with abuse by “counting from one to 10”, “destressing with a breathing technique” or “keeping a photograph of a loved one” on a desk so they can glance at it “for reassurance and moral support”.
The event comes at a delicate moment in the relationship between wall street and Washington, with Congress mulling changes to the tax code that would significantly hit private equity and hedge fund managers.
I was 12 years old in 1994 when the first bus exploded in the centre of Tel Aviv, killing 22 people. My mother gave me this advice, packed with my lunchbox, as I set off for school the next day: “When you are in a public place, always make sure you know where the emergency exits are. During an event in an open space, be certain to have a clear path in case you need to escape.”
More than 40 per cent of EU residents are now facing life under far-reaching coronavirus-related controls as national leaders battle to limit the accelerating spread of the virus.
The central idea of the efficient market hypothesis is that prices represent the best estimate of the underlying value of assets. This thesis has recently taken a battering. The boom and bust in the money markets was precipitated by a us housing bubble. That bubble followed the New Economy fiasco and was preceded by the near-failure of Long Term Capital Management, a hedge fund designed to showcase sophisticated financial economics.
In the eyes of some foreign media, the treatment of such would-be protesters has tarnished the reputation of the Beijing games. According to one article in Der Spiegel, the German magazine: “This country [China] has hijacked the games, merely to celebrate and congratulate itself.”
Alibaba is set to raise up to $13.4bn in a secondary listing in hong kong In what would be the world’s biggest equity capital raising of the year so far.
While these two modes of description are not completely contradictory, their implications differ. The anthropomorphic metaphor is hierarchical. "We might ask the market," City folk will say, but only if they occupy very senior positions or are leading specialists in their field. Such individuals are privileged by direct access to Mr Market himself. The most discreetly influential figures in the City and on wall street display the style and mannerisms of Mr Market's courtiers.
With investors too pessimistic about immediate economic prospects, risk assets may continue to recover from present depressed levels. An alternative, however, is that asset price turbulence will return, setting in train a tightening in financial conditions that independently causes a recession.
The central bank withdrew Rmb910bn ($146bn) from the economy via open market operations over the past three days, its biggest weekly cash drain.
Indeed, Stella McCartney has designed a limited-edition vest, complete with a cross between a Hells Angels' insignia and a rainbow (pictured below), for sale at the Oxfam stall at, yup, Glastonbury. And the trendsetter herself, Kate Moss, along with Diane von Furstenberg and Missoni daughter Margherita Missoni, have created a T-shirt in collaboration with Buddhist Punk, with proceeds to go to The Climate Project, Gore's charity. So far, so commendable.
Beijing has officially approved EVDs as part of a broad-based effort to support homegrown standards that also includes support for a third 3G mobile telephony technology known as TD-SCDMA.
The dispute, over CSN's rights to an iron-ore supply that would be crucial to a merged business, could lend fresh impetus to rival bidder, Tata Steel of India. Tata is expected in the next few days to raise its previous &pound 5.5bn bid above CSN's offer. Both bidders are due to finalise their offers for the world's eighth biggest steelmaker by next Tuesday.
What do women look like at work? From my desk in an open plan office I have a good view of eight. The oldest is fiftysomething, the youngest about 25. Some appear to have spent a decent amount of time in front of the mirror before coming to work — others less so. One has her hair in a messy ponytail and a cycling jacket on the back of her chair. A second is in astonishingly high heels and clad in black. A third (me) has grey showing on the roots of my hair and a smear of icing sugar on my leg. Some look as if they often go to the gym, others look as if they have never been in their lives. All are sitting at desks, apart from one who has just walked by looking distracted, holding a cup of tea. Two are eating. No one is smiling. Everyone is staring at their screens, faces blank.
China's carbon emissions will start falling by 2050, its top climate change policymaker said, the first time the world's largest emitter has given such a time-frame.
“We are not only reaching across Pakistan wherever other channels are going. We are also reaching out to more than 30 countries worldwide on satellite. We are the face of Pakistan,” says Azhar Abbas, the channel's news and current affairs director.
Markets celebrated the lucky escape, with both US and European stocks moving upwards. The us recovery may be tepid, but it is not suffering too much from the indiscriminate cuts in public spending, also known as sequestration, that us politicians have imposed on the economy. While the number of government jobs shrank, the private sector more than made up for the contraction.
More than 15 per cent of japanese companies listed on the first section of the tokyo stock exchange have implemented “poison pills” to protect themselves against hostile takeovers.
A multibillion-dollar bridge to bind hong kong to China and showcase Chinese engineering excellence, adoring crowds and banners everywhere welcoming him to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the handover of the former British colony. The hong kong that chinese president xi jinping saw on a three-day inspection visit last week was a charming, loyal and thriving place.
The battle for GDB during the past 12 months has been caught in a political debate about the sale of Chinese state assets to foreigners, forcing Citigroup in particular to scale back its offer.
Paramilitary police have been deployed in a town in the western Chinese region of Xinjiang after a clash that left eight people dead, state media said.
New steps to curb speculation in commodity markets have been launched by us regulators in response to growing pressure from Washington lawmakers.
As Beijing continues with its clamp down on surplus capacity and prepares to enact tough winter pollution curbs, steel mills are scrambling to cash in on high prices. Rebar — a steel product widely used in construction — hit its highest level in six years on Tuesday as power shortages hit Hebei, China’s main steelmaking province.
In Beijing, soaring car ownership and the lingering presence of many heavy industries are the main causes of air pollution. In addition, Beijing is surrounded by mountains that prevent pollutants from dispersing and is subject to severe sandstorms.
The fallout in China, however, is a bigger problem for Toyota. Its sales there halved from a year earlier in September. This was a steeper decline than for Japanese peers as the car giant is the marque that most symbolises Japan. But then only one-tenth of Toyota’s global unit sales are in China, compared with more than a quarter for Nissan.
At the National People’s Congress, the annual parliamentary session that started yesterday in Beijing, China lowered its official growth target to “around 7 per cent”[check tmrw for annoucement] but that number is 2 to 3 percentage points higher than many independent estimates of the current growth rate. Last month, India’s government used a new method to claim its economy would grow 8 per cent this year, reaffirming its boast that it is growing faster than China. Many outsiders doubt India’s claim too.
Loshin describes the magicians' norms, which encourage the selective sharing of techniques, limit copying and credit the re-discoverer of a long-dormant technique with the same rights as the trick's inventor. The economists Emmanuelle Fauchart and Eric von Hippel report very similar norms for the sharing of recipes among French chefs.
Reputation is, in fact, everyone’s responsibility. It is a reflection of the way a company’s staff goes about its work, every day, at all levels. The best performance-management systems will reward good behaviour, providing an incentive for staff to enhance their business’s reputation at every step. A good reputation wins you more “promoters” than “detractors”, as Fred Reichheld of Bain & Company, the strategy consulting firm, puts it – a good indicator of likely future success.
So it isn’t chaos at Siemens. Or so says Joe Kaeser, long-time finance director at the German behemoth who was promoted to chief executive yesterday. Investors, watching ugly internal ructions as predecessor Peter Löscher fought for his job following last week’s profit warning, might have differed. Still, a measure of calm has now descended with Mr Löscher’s departure, three years before his contract expired. And Siemens’ shares have weathered the storm with a 2 per cent fall, to €82.
Analysts at Citigroup said a planned tightening of the rules regarding off-balance sheet vehicles would force banks to reconsider arrangements and could result in up to $5,000bn of assets coming back on to the books.
Given that crude oil costs usually make up about 60 per cent of fuel prices, there has always been a close correlation between petrol and oil prices. Yet despite oil having risen as high as $119 in recent days, average US petrol prices have remained below $3.68.
China has called on Washington to bolster international faith in its economic policies amid signs that Beijing has cut its purchases of us government debt.
Manufacturing was “stuffed” in New South Wales and Victoria, the nation’s two most populous states, and eastern Australia was mired in “deep recession”.
mr kim has relied on executions and purges of high-ranking officials to protect his authority since taking power on his father’s death in December 2011.
Beijing has been doing its bit to boost business. The government recently simplified cumbersome ownership transfer procedures. Buyers can now complete a purchase within a day – down from the previous three.
Traders in this opaque, over-the-counter market estimate there has been issuance of $20bn to $30bn this year, compared to $15bn in the whole of 2016 and $10bn in 2015.
The government sought to assert its authority in the face of opposition claims of a mounting Damascus insurrection and with the regime still reeling from the bomb blast that killed at least three top security figures on Wednesday.
“Buying Dresdner would have been easy compared to running it, which would have been much harder for CDB,” said one person close to the proposed deal. “The state council was clearly not enthusiastic and Allianz didn't want to end up in a situation where it couldn't do either deal.”
“The right approach for FIRB if they believe there is such a move is to look at these transactions in their totality.”
Mr Hume added that the embassy would not relax its security precautions and urged public facilities in Indonesia “to maintain their current high level of security since security threats continue to exist”.
ICBC's customer deposits reached Rmb8,900bn ($1,300bn) by the end of March after increasing by Rmb950bn from the start of the year, the bank said in a statement yesterday.
Xiaomi looks like the sort of smart, entrepreneurial outfit that could invent products that delight consumers, rather than merely putting the nuts and bolts together. Since its founding in 2010, it has become China’s best-selling smartphone maker. Clever marketing and deft use of social media has conjured an aura of exclusivity around its phones, recruiting an army of fervent believers.
Though the Shanghai-based company’s idea is not unique, industry experts are so impressed with the technology that in 2009 France Telecom paid €1m in royalties for the right to try out BesTV’s set-top boxes in France. If a commercial launch follows, payments to the chinese company will mushroom.
Steven Sun of HSBC expects the number to emerge during this week’s national economic working conference of top economic policymakers. A big cut from this year’s Rmb7,500bn ($1,300bn) of new loans is likely. If the inflation hawks prevail, the number could be as low as Rmb6,000bn. If the pro-growth camp wins, it will be nearer Rmb7,000bn.
Each tiny aircraft — bought online for a few hundred dollars — is loaded with software and sensors capable of communicating with the other drones in the swarm. Developers are working towards a future where thousands could operate in sync, identifying and attacking targets. In theory, such swarms could feature drones fitted with missiles or warheads capable of sophisticated attacks designed to overwhelm defences with their sheer numbers.
Based on an epidemiological model used by the World Health Organisation, the report found that about 750,000 people die early every year in China because of the filthy air and water.
BHP Billiton, the world’s biggest resources company by market value, has promised more cost-cutting as it forecast a slowing in China’s annual economic growth rate. “China will aim for more moderated growth. And I think more moderated growth is around the 7 to 8 per cent mark over the next couple of years, trending down to 6 per cent,” Graham Kerr, BHP’s chief financial officer, told the Bloomberg Economic Australian Economic Summit in Sydney yesterday.
At present, 37 per cent of investors believe that fiscal policy is too restrictive, suggesting that further stimuli are needed before investors will commit cash, analysts said.
However, the cost of its competition with rival Alibaba was laid bare by a 3 percentage point drop in operating margins, after stripping out the impact of acquisitions and certain non-cash items.
“China is wielding its antitrust law in a discriminatory manner targeting foreign companies,” said Jeremie Waterman, executive director for china policy at the US Chamber of Commerce, the largest us business lobby group.
More than nine in 10 of the world's commercial property markets are tipped for growth after a two-year slump dragged down the value and size of the sector, according to the annual Money into Property report published today.
The historic ascent of a woman to the Democratic ticket for president seems to have come and gonelast week without stirring much genuine enthusiasm among women, especially younger women. For some reason they cannot seem to muster any passion for hillary clinton  her support, for the most part, is begrudging, dutiful, pro forma . A vast number of women cannot seem unable to love her the way they loved barack obama or bernie sanders or, for that matter, Bill Mr Clinton.
Mike Bloomberg’s entry into the race for the Democratic nomination this weekend left a question mark over the entire company on which he built his estimated $51bn fortune.
It is hardly surprising, then, that more and more people, often with no background whatsoever in the wine business, want to produce wine. Owning a vineyard or winery has become almost a lifestyle statement. Many who have earned a fortune in a quite different field, where every penny was presumably counted, seem happy to fritter away their fortune on a vanity project that gives them some sort of bibulous connection to the earth, or least a wine label with their name on it. A string of celebrities including Francis Coppola, Gérard Depardieu, Cliff Richard, Sting and Shane Warne have gone into wine production.
In the same way, the new banking system is dominated by institutions that trade in assets rather than hold them for long periods on their own books.
The lack of investment partly reflects the unfamiliarity of European institutions with venture capital and the attractions of private equity. “They have been fixated on big leveraged buy-outs, like rabbits frozen in the headlights of a car,” says Jean Marc Patouillaud, a Paris-based partner at Partech International, a Paribas spin-off headquartered in San Francisco.
China's suggestion that its state-controlled companies will pay dividends to the state again after a break of more than a decade is welcome on several counts. It is likely in the long run to be good for budget spending on health and education, good for the country's halting steps towards a market economy and good for policymakers trying to curb unprofitable over-investment by state enterprises.
The federal bureau of Investigation has concluded hillary clinton was “extremely careless” in handling top secret emails while secretary of state but recommended against prosecuting the Democratic presidential candidate.
The billionaire investor told CNBC that he had offered to take over $800bn of municipal bonds guaranteed by three bond insurers – Ambac, MBIA, and FGIC – that are fighting to retain the triple-A credit ratings on which their business model depends in the wake of the subprime losses.
“There is the global war on terrorism. There are obviously the circumstances in Iraq and Afghanistan. There are discussions about the intent of the Iranian government and maybe even interest in the behaviour of China and other countries around the globe,” he says. “So our long-term view is that there will likely be more rather than less funding.”
The structural slowdown in China’s economy is starting to cause waves in Beijing, prompting trenchant questions about what the government should do about it. premier li keqiang has recently played down the expectation that there is much the government could or should do, saying that China must rely more on “market mechanisms”. This is, in effect, an acknowledgment of a contradiction in China’s economic model.
Mr Srinivasan introduced TQM to the company in 1989 and implemented and improved it over the next nine years. Experts from Japan still visit the company.
There is no question that income is distributed substantially more unequally than it was a generation ago, with those at the very top gaining a greater share as even the upper middle class loses ground in relative terms. Those with less skill – especially men who in an earlier era would have worked with their hands – are losing ground not just in relative but also in absolute terms.
Mr Xiang said the National social security Fund, established in 2000 as China's de-facto fund of last resort, aims to achieve at least 5 per cent average annual growth. But this would still only partially meet the demands placed on it by the country's ageing population.
For bitcoin speculators, last year was a bonanza. The cryptocurrency started January 2020 at $7,194 and on Sunday surged above $34,000 — a more than 360 per cent annual return.
“We believe that 2018 will mark the restarting of renminbi internationalisation after a two-year setback,” says Becky Liu, head of China Macro Strategy at Standard Chartered, an investment bank, in Hong Kong. “The government appears ready to push forward another round of renminbi internationalisation as capital outflows have stabilised and foreign exchange reserves have rebounded,” she adds.
wall street trudged higher for a third straight session on Monday, on the eve of equalling the record for the longest US postwar bull market.
If you only have an old turntable and no amplifier, you will need to amplify the signal using a pre-amplifier before plugging it into the PC sound card. (You can buy a basic pre-amplifier module from an electronic store . . . )
In las vegas they call the really big gamblers – the ones whose fortunes can make or break a casino – the “whales”. For the European Union, Italy is the whale – the country whose economy and debts are so large that the fate of the single currency and the EU itself hang on its future.
Under Chairman Mao Zedong, schoolchildren were taught that these were the ills associated with capitalism, but China’s urban planners were no match for half a century of pent-up demand from first-time car buyers.
The Congressional Budget Office forecast the number of Americans on food stamps would next year reach 28m, the highest number since the programme began more than 40 years ago.
Last year, chinese investors bought 73 tonnes of bullion, up fourfold from 18 tonnes in 2007. The new policies were likely to increase liquidity in the domestic gold market and spur the development of gold financial products, analysts said.
Mr Wen's European visit will also coincide with the 45th anniversary of General de Gaulle's official recognition of the People's Republic of China. The Rothschilds hope this could be a good occasion for the chinese authorities to give their clearance for the Bank of China deal. But no one is holding their breath in Paris.
To Robert Poole, director of transport studies at the pro-free-market Reason Foundation, the fact that so little traffic has been deterred by rising prices and congestion is the strongest evidence for cars' continuing vital role.
us mortgage foreclosures spiked in the third quarter, as fewer borrowers qualified for loan modifications that would have reduced their monthly payments, bank regulators have revealed.
The kind of scale achieved by VW in China has helped the German company obtain a return on capital employed of more than 50 per cent at its FAW plant, compared with 21 per cent for VW overall, according to Macquarie. It estimates that local component sourcing helps VW achieves an impressive 15 per cent margin on earnings before interest and tax at its China JVs.
Carrie Lam promised to “heal the divide” over the semi-autonomous territory’s relationship with China.
Lakshmi Mittal's predictions for a strong rebound in the world steel industry next year are too optimistic and recovery is likely to be substantially more muted, industry executives and analysts say.
Even though Germany’s Jewish community is small, its views tend to carry great weight because of the country’s responsibility for the Holocaust.
The debate on climate change has focused over the past year on the setting of national and corporate targets around the objective of zero net carbon emissions by 2050. It is time to move the debate on and put in place the detailed steps necessary to get to that goal and the institutional structure to bring together the many elements of the challenge and the response.
But that pitch was bogus and his period in office a failure.
“Eat as much as you can!” cries the director of the forthcoming soap opera Let’s Eat, scrutinising her from behind two video screens and his thick black-rimmed glasses. “If it’s hot then show it – let’s see you gulping! And bring her some more green vegetables to make it more colourful!”
The consumer electronics Show will showcase the latest HDTV sets from leading manufacturers including Samsung, LG Electronics, Sony, Panasonic, Toshiba and Philips as well as low-cost rivals such as US-based Vizio and Westinghouse, which have grabbed a significant slice of the booming US high-definition TV market – in spite of evidence that many consumers remain confused about the advantages of digital and high-definition TV.
This pervasive sense of uncertainty is part of what us foreign policy thinker Robert Kaplan calls The Return of Marco Polo’s World, meaning the emergence of a new global order that would seem oddly familiar to the 13th-century explorer. conventional wisdom suggests America is in relative decline while China, India and other emerging powers are on the up. Kaplan’s vision is more complex. “The map will increasingly be defined by a new medievalism,” he writes. The power of states will decline while loyalties to “city, empire and tribe” will matter more, as they did before the advent in the 17th century of the modern nation state following the Peace of Westphalia. “The smaller the world becomes because of the advance of technology,” Kaplan writes, “the more permeable, complicated and overwhelming it seems, with its numberless, seemingly intractable crises.” Little wonder even powerful leaders such as Modi and Xi struggle to make sense of it.
Can vastu bring health, wealth and domestic bliss as its adherents claim?
The largest financial crisis in history is spreading from private to sovereign entities. At best, Europe's recovery will suffer and the collapsing euro will subtract from growth in its key trading partners. At worst, a disintegration of the single currency or a wave of disorderly defaults could unhinge the financial system and precipitate a double-dip recession.
Ms Chu acknowledges that an acute crisis does not appear imminent. Government influence over both borrowers and lenders has allowed Beijing to delay problems much longer than would be possible in a more market-driven system.
Prof Goodson thinks a network of sensors could be laid out alongside roads and other locations. Military vehicles would be equipped with low-power lasers to beam infra-red light at each sensor in turn and with receivers to detect the sensors' response. Absence of fluorescence would warn of the presence of explosives.
“I felt that it was quite like us. We are riddled with bullets from the US,” Mr Ren says. But the former soldier in the People’s liberation army is not seeking victim status. His affinity with the photo derives from a different reason  in spite of its shot-up state, the plane did not crash and instead managed to fly home.
After a weekend of frenzied negotiations, Hank Paulson, the Treasury secretary, and Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic House speaker, announced early on Sunday a tentative agreement authorising the government to buy up to $700bn of troubled assets from financial institutions.
Although few details of the proposed changes were made available, analyst said it seemed that the measures were likely in part to be aimed at stemming hot money inflows – speculative funds that can cause asset price inflation and which can destablise financial markets when withdrawn en masse.
BOBBI BROWNbrSignature product Her Eye Brightener, for under-eye coverage, &pound 21, and Creamy Concealer, &pound 15, which is packed full of vitamins,helps counteract dark circles under the eyesbrBestseller Shimmer Brick compact in bronze – a brush-on powder that gives a sun-kissed glow. So popular, it is rarely in stock.brPrice: &pound 27.brMost overlooked Long-wear eyeliner – a gel with the precision of a liquid. brPrice: &pound 13.50.bra href="http://www.bobbibrown.com/" target= blankwww.bobbibrown.com/a
In the early days, ASC would take business from any restaurant or retailer placing an order. Now it screens potential buyers and requires cash up-front until it can assess the creditworthiness of new customers.
The country “has hit a key milestone in terms of access and tradability that’s going to attract a lot of investors”, said Danny Suwanapruti, head of Asia emerging markets foreign exchange and rates strategy for Goldman Sachs.
Even after stringent cost-cutting measures outlined by the Mongolian People’s party, which won a landslide victory in last month’s elections, the country faces a gap between its revenues of MNT5.34tn ($2.67bn) and MNT9.7tn ($4.87bn) expenditure — a shortfall equivalent to 18 per cent of gross domestic product, well above the 4 per cent statutory limit.
So what is happening? To some extent, the same thing that happened to the paperless office. It turned out that all those computers made it easy and cheap to produce a lot of documents. Yes, the documents could in principle have been viewed on screen, but why not print them out?
The problems in China's housing market are more severe than those in the US before the financial crisis because they combine a potential bubble with the risk of social discontent, according to an adviser to the chinese central bank.
China will create an 8,000 strong peacekeeping “police squad” that could be deployed at short notice on UN peacekeeping missions, president xi jinping told the UN General Assembly.
Mr Siegel says: “We were in a meeting where we came up with the idea of the circuit designs that would be integrated, the rest then became a progression and it was rapid, it was literally idea after idea after idea.
Those sitting in the executive section are further pampered with leather-clad seats and overhead LCD screens. There is a separate heating system under the pitch to keep frost at bay.
On Wednesday, Mr Malofeev’s censorship lobbying group, Safe Internet League, will welcome a large delegation in Moscow led by Lu Wei, China’s online tsar, and Fang Binxing, the master builder of the country’s digital firewall. The Russians are hoping to learn Chinese techniques for filtering sites they deem undesirable so their contents can be kept from public view.
No less an intellect than bill gates told an invited FT audience last week that his background (learning about the world by reading an encyclopedia, starting at A for Aardvark) made him think at first that the obvious corporate hierarchy would be one based on IQ, with the brightest at the top.
Bank of China, the country’s fourth-largest lender by assets, has said it expects to see continued exponential growth in cross-border renminbi trade settlement as more companies in China and around the world choose to pay and be paid in the Chinese currency.
“Globalisation is our long-term strategy, but in the near term we are closely monitoring the change of the geopolitical environment, and also the national policy of other countries, and we will adjust our strategies according to this change,” said Mr Zhang.
Wilbur Ross, us commerce secretary, announced on Monday that companies will have to obtain a licence before selling Huawei any microchip that has been made using US equipment or software.
Mr Trump’s foreign policy is a work in progress. Measured by the public statements of the president-elect and his closest advisers, it is shot through with contradictions. America-first isolationism jostles with pledges to increase military spending. The recurring themes, though, are economic nationalism and withdrawal from the global responsibilities the US has assumed since 1945. Mr Trump, whose criticisms of Nato are longstanding, seems clear that allies — whether Japan, the Republic of Korea or Nato members such as Germany, Poland, France or Britain — should look after themselves.
In the first seven months of the year, China's trade surplus – the main driver of its current account surplus – rose 81 per cent, according to Thomson Financial.
Tencent, which combines gaming, social media and payments among a plethora of other activities, filed 4,100 trademark applications in 2016, according to TrademarkNow, a trademark search platform.
Fast-moving consumer goods sales to urban consumers fell 0.9 per cent year-on-year in volume terms, down from 0.1 per cent growth in 2014, according to a study by Bain & Company and Kantar Worldpanel. In value terms, FMCG sales grew 3.5 per cent, down from 5.4 per cent in 2014.
“Six years ago the average price of a Samsung ship was $50m – or $80m at today's prices – but now it is $170m,” Mr Park says from his office overlooking the Koje shipyards, illustrating both the sophistication of the ships being built and the recent escalation of prices shipyards can command.
The principles behind such an economy are not the principles behind a socialist economy. The government insofar as possible is only creating the macroeconomic conditions that will allow the economy to function well.
vladimir putin has accused the US of directly supporting separatist militants in Russia’s North Caucasus with whom Moscow fought a brutal war.
Mr Scott urges companies to incorporate an audit trail into the referral schemes to combat fraud. In one case, a hospital in Atlanta sacked four people when it discovered that its scheme had been scammed to the tune of $35,000. Because of the need for transparency, says Mr Blackburn, human resources staff are not allowed to participate in Baker & McKenzie's scheme.
Russian state-backed cyber spies are behind co-ordinated, sophisticated digital attacks in the past two years against sensitive political and military targets, including Nato, the EU and government ministries, according to a security analyst.
There were, however, a couple of differences between the tumbles. J-Lo had been climbing a human staircase of nearly nude male dancers and was wearing hot pants and singing lustily. I, on the other hand, was decently clad and quietly getting out of my chair to give a speech at a formal dinner for investors in Japanese equities. I tripped over my handbag and landed spread-eagled on the floor, my chin hitting the carpet. Crash, bang, wallop. The microphone I was wearing ensured that anyone who did not see the fall heard it.
The developing world will undoubtedly suffer a bigger fallout from global warming than most of the west. Countries such as Bangladesh confront the spectre of submergence while China, India and others are directly threatened by the retreat of the Himalayan glaciers. With or without US leadership, it is in their interests to take action.
Google's decision to keep its companies, staff and website in mainland china while placing controversial content just out of reach of Beijing's censors in hong kong was an attempt at a clever finesse. It aimed to achieve its goals of both staying in and leaving the world's biggest market.
State-backed groups such as china national petroleum corporation (CNPC) have established strong interests in oil-rich territories such as Nigeria, as well as frontier exploration zones, often muscling traditional western rivals aside. By 2008, chinese companies had amassed 56 upstream contracts between them across the continent, according to consultants IHS Energy. That is not much compared with the collective total of the international oil companies, but impressive given the lateness of China's engagement with Africa's energy industry.
Mr Caruana, a former governor of the Bank of Spain, told reporters that the Bear rescue “helped to reduce the possibility of a tail event in the financial system” – in other words, it made a truly catastrophic outcome less likely.
“People are looking to sell and limit their losses because they are scared of further falls in equities,” says Anthony Conroy, head trader for BNY ConvergEx.
First, Lehman is seen as part of a broader problem while the market believed, rightly or wrongly, that the previous problems were limited to the US financial sector. When other  US financial groups were in trouble, financial stocks badly underperformed the market. That is no longer the case.
south korean president moon Jae-in and north korean leader kim Jong Un have also agreed to thoroughly abide by a non-aggression agreement, pledging to reduce weapons in both sides gradually. The two leaders also agreed to actively push for expanded meetings with the US and China to declare the official end of the 1950-53 korean war this year and replace the 1953 armistice with a peace treaty.
India’s outsourcing groups may be keeping a wary eye on China but the world’s second-largest economy does not necessarily spell doom for the subcontinent.
The international monetary fund has cut its forecast for global economic growth next year to 3 per cent – the boundary that usually defines a global recession – down from 5 per cent in 2007 when commodity prices were rising.
But no matter, because apparently the idea of a woman being elected (subtext: oh my golly! Oh my God!) trumps all. That similarity invites an examination of all other similarities, especially physical ones. Ridiculous and reductive, right? No one would dare link french president nicolas sarkozy and US presidential hopeful Dennis Kucinich just because they're both short.
As the market enters a euphoric stage, investors lose any vestige of risk aversion. Absurd valuations are rationalised. Shanghai stocks trade on a price-earnings ratio of more than 60 times.
The Ministry of human resources and social security said last week that 2.3m people received jobless benefits in the first quarter of this year, the same as the previous quarter. Yet the nation’s official unemployment rate rose to 5.9 per cent, or 26m, in March from 5.2 per cent, or 23m, in December.
It is striking how the public discussion of inequality has been careful not to differentiate between citizens except by wealth or occasionally by the skill needed for their work. In most of the serious recent discussions on inequality, the idea that someone’s economic fortunes might depend upon race, gender or ethnicity is nodded to in passing, at best. Another blind spot is persistent regional backwardness – as besets West Virginia and Alabama, southern Italy and Portugal.
Three Chinese activists from a labour news website have been detained in southern china as Beijing ramps up a crackdown on labour activism across the country.
The main reason for the towering total is that municipalities were let off the financial leash following the crisis. Beijing tacitly allowed them to circumvent a rule restricting their ability to borrow from banks by setting up so-called local government financing vehicles (LGFVs). This licence led to the creation of a hidden overhang of loans. Many of these were invested unwisely in poorly monitored projects, roughly a quarter of which generate no revenue, according to a Chinese official.
Analysts said that the recovery had been driven partly by an improvement in domestic demand, prompting manufacturers to raise their output, which has been helped by recent  stimulus measures undertaken by authorities, such as on infrastructure spending.
“They have done in one year what we thought would take five to 10 years, the result of political will,” said Mr Chan. With the government keen to build up the domestic market, many large chinese companies would now seek a Shanghai listing.
Haruhiko Kuroda, president of the ADB, said he was confident he had secured agreement to triple the organisation's general capital to $115bn.
NetJets has secured a licence to fly from the Chinese civil aviation authority, allowing it to set up in a country where there is little private jet activity.
How should we respond to the next recession? That was the topic of an event hosted by the Brooking’s Hamilton Project where I spoke on Monday in Washington with OMB director Sean Donovan. I argued a number of points that address issues of current concern.
The recovery caps one of the most tumultuous periods for the Japanese technology conglomerate founded by Masayoshi Son. Three consecutive quarters of operating losses forced SoftBank to earlier this year embark on a $41bn asset sale programme to fund share buybacks and reduce debt against the backdrop of the coronavirus pandemic.
Hopes that sharp cuts in interest rates, fiscal spending and quantitative easing measures will work has encouraged a rally in stock markets and commodities in recent weeks.
But inside his plain office, with its solid desk and slightly worn sofas, Mr Wu’s demeanour is sober and his appearance in a black buttoned-up shirt is serious. “I was never especially interested in the food and beverage business. I just went where there was money to be made,” he says candidly.
The Chinese finance ministry issued Rmb15bn in bonds to institutional investors, with the remaining Rmb5bn directed at retail investors. That total dwarfed the Chinese ministry’s Rmb8bn issue in hong kong last November.
Wendelin Wiedeking, chief executive of Porsche, earned an estimated &#8364 60m-&#8364 70m ($89m-$103m) last year, making him one of the highest paid industrial managers in the world.
The UHV lines will connect coalmining centres and possibly hydro-power stations in the upper reaches of the Yangtze in south-west China with the power-hungry coastal areas around Shanghai and Guangzhou.
This was at odds with russian president Dmitry Medvedev's earlier call for ”united” support from the group's leaders for Moscow's intervention in Georgia and subsequent recognition of South Ossetia and Abkhazia as independent states.
Everyone loves this latest fashion. It’s refreshing. It’s counter-intuitive. It’s liberating. And it’s so cool. On LinkedIn and the Harvard Business Review website, readers can’t get their fingers on the “like” button fast enough.
Foxconn’s revenue warning came in response to a report by Taiwan’s China Times which, referring to unnamed investor sources, said the group’s revenue could plummet by as much as 45 per cent in the first quarter.
Vodafone has warned that the UK's hopes of leading the world in 5G technology would be dealt a terminal blow if the government removes Huawei from the country’s telecoms infrastructure.
Is barack obama really a free- trader? According to much recent commentary, we will find out on September 17, when the us president has to decide whether or not to accept the recommendation of the independent, bipartisan us international trade commission to impose tariffs on imports of Chinese tyres.
“My point is that you can count on America now and into the future,” said Adm Harris in a speech at Sydney’s Lowy Institute. “I say that confidently because it’s in our national interest to continue our engagement in this vital region as we support the rules-based international order.”
For a country paying the environmental price for a mass switch to cars and electric bikes, a return to two wheelers – seen by former chinese communist party leader mao zedong as the obvious solution to the then backward nation’s crippling transport problems – again looked wise.
Johnson & Johnson was confident earlier in the evening that its offer would prevail but was beaten in one of the most competitive bidding wars for years. AbbVie yesterday unveiled the details of its $261.25-a-share purchase of Pharmacyclics, having at the eleventh hour seized victory from Johnson & Johnson and a third unidentified bidder.
Second, ensure the influence of the CEO in choosing directors. While no one wants a return to the days when CEOs were free to create boards that did not challenge them, neither does it make sense to deny the company’s chief strategy architect sufficient say in board composition. Even value-minded CEOs can now find themselves taking a back seat to the chairman of the nominating committee when it comes to selecting directors. This denies them the opportunity to identify people who are in step with their strategic approach. We believe a mutual veto arrangement between the committee and CEO can ensure boards are populated not with puppets but with experts capable of developing a “challenging partnership” with the CEO.
Prof Light confronted this accusation head-on in his opening address to the centennial conference. Referring to the current market turmoil, he conceded: “We all failed to understand how much the system had changed.” But he also set HBS this challenge: “We need to be part of the solution.”
When Volvo Cars was acquired by Geely of China last year, there was nervousness about what the deal would mean for the Swedish car industry.
Since fears about fraud in chinese companies became a hot topic in 2011, investors have moderated their expectations. Back then, Hong Kong-listed Chinese stocks’ price/earnings ratios offered a 7 per cent discount to emerging markets. Now it is almost a third. Some of the China re-rating reflects slowing growth and debt worries, of course, but it is worth noting that analysts are still expecting corporate China’s earnings to grow by a tenth this year and next, according to Citi. There will doubtless be some western surprise that Beijing’s bean counters do not already have the debt data to hand. But systems develop at different speeds around the world: the US did not have a central bank until the point at which it became the world’s biggest economy. And data suspicion is not the sole preserve of China: it is only five years since disbelief in western banks’ reported asset values became a self-fulfilling prophecy.
The US has also muscled in to its bilateral preferential trade agreements (nearly all with small, developing nations) conditions unrelated to trade at the expense of their partner nations. Thus a country that is hardly an exemplar on labour rights, where the right to strike has been severely restrained since the Taft-Hartley legislation more than half a century ago, where union membership in the private sector has steadily declined to less than 10 per cent of the labour force, and which has not ratified all the International Labour Organisation's core conventions, has had the effrontery to impose standards on others in these PTAs. Why?
The former political secretary to a member of China's politburo has been detained in a widening probe over misuse of Shanghai's pension funds, elevating the scandal for the first time into the inner-circle of the Chinese leadership.
If passed, the Tarp would reduce insolvency caused by holdings of illiquid assets. But policymakers are not intending to pay heavily over the odds for these distressed assets. So even if the plan is passed, banks will still have suffered grave losses. The government therefore needs a plan to recapitalise insolvent banks. The Treasury should look to the example of Belgium and the Netherlands, which moved to save Fortis this weekend with a public equity purchase.
&ldquo The chinese government has clearly recognised the need for action to address some of the difficulties caused by its economic boom. Its ultimate objective is to transform the economy from being export-driven, wasteful and polluting to one of healthy and sustainable growth,&rdquo  explains fund manager Philip Ehrmann.
The upgrade, by one notch from AA-minus, is a symbolic moment for Japan, which was humiliated when ratings agencies began aggressively to downgrade its sovereign debt in 2000.
Casey Quick said that wealthy chinese business owners along with retail investors would account for half of the expected asset growth by 2030.
Apple’s decision to hold a near-simultaneous launch of two new iPhone models in the US and China raised expectations of two breakthroughs for the company – a cheaper model to claw back market share in the world’s largest telecoms market, and a long-awaited partnership with the country’s largest mobile phone operator.
As at work, so in love. When I was dating I'd work out, brush my teeth after every meal, and always wear clean underwear. Now I'm married I do those things too, of course. Mostly. But I suspect that occasional lapses would, within reason, go unpunished.
On Wednesday morning the tree trunk barricades that have blocked all entrances to Wukan village since December 11 were gone and villagers hung out a large sign “warmly welcoming” senior government leaders as a cordon of armed police melted away.
Many British members of parliament would like BAE to carry on flying the flag – or combine forces with Rolls-Royce, the UK aerospace company – rather than choose a European solution. Some investors would prefer it to plough on in defence, paying a big dividend to reward their loyalty.
The Ao case is a blemish for Mr Ho, whose administration is admired for liberalising gaming in 2002, ending the 40-year monopoly held by Stanley Ho and marking the beginning of Macao's rebirth from a backwater with a reputation for seedy casinos, triads and prostitution into the world's most sought-after gaming market.
This problem is real. Anyone who has changed jobs, bought a house or planned a merger has encountered a version of the two-box game  keep what you know, or go for an uncertain alternative. bBut familiar problems are not necessarily easy to model. Monty points out that you can lose only &pound 50 but might gain &pound 100. He says he does not know which box has the bigger prize. If untrue, is he trying to save his employer money, or trying to help you win? You have no way of judging whether the &pound 50 loss is more or less likely than the &pound 100 gain.
He ended it by being put on China’s national blacklist of “discredited” people, enforced by the country’s Supreme Court, which can penalise the worst-offending serial debtors with punishments such as travel bans.
A merger between Citi and Goldman would have resulted in thousands of redundancies in their investment banking units and would have forced out several senior executives. Combining the two companies' widely different cultures would also have been a challenge.
This matters, and not just for Japan itself. Its participation in the TPP strongly increases the prospects for an agreement of high-quality fit for the 21st century – one that emphasises trade in services as much as in goods  one that has high standards for intellectual property protections as well as for the environment  and one that looks beyond old-fashioned tariffs to focus on investment flows and non-tariff barriers (such as government procurement).
This could have dramatic effects on both commercial shipping and hydrocarbon exploitation. Travel time for a container ship on the Rotterdam-Yokohama route could be cut by about a third by using the Arctic Ocean rather than the Suez Canal. Vessels could move freely, without the cumbersome - and expensive - ice-breakers on which they sometimes have to rely now.
I asked China-based colleagues if they knew of any foreign business leaders who spoke Mandarin. The list was short and limited to executives working in China. Roland Decorvet, the Swiss head of Nestlé in China, speaks fluent Mandarin. Peter Humphrey, the British fraud investigator who did work for GlaxoSmithKline and who has been detained by the Chinese authorities, also speaks excellent Mandarin.
Restarting securitisation markets is &ldquo critical&rdquo  to a wider economic recovery, the international monetary fund claimed yesterday, as it warned that regulatory proposals might kill the market.
Forget ShangKong  what about ShangLon? At today's mini-summit, Alistair Darling, UK chancellor, will impress on Wang Qishan, China's vice premier, the desirability of allowing foreign companies to list in China. In return, Mr Darling will assure him that UK markets will bend over backwards to host Chinese issuers.
Facebook last week came out with the second generation of its Portal, a “smart screen” whose killer app is meant to be video calling. Google will shortly lay out its own array of personal gadgets for the coming holiday season, all of them designed to act as a platform for Google services.
“The peak increase in total loans was in 2016, then [President] Xi [Jinping] initiated his deleveraging strategy,” said Patrick Zweifel, chief economist at Pictet AM. “The deleveraging process is on track and is reaching a point where the debt/GDP ratio should stabilise and start declining over time. We are very close to that.”
When Larry Page opted to spend $12.5bn of Google’s money on some mobile handsets, patents and set-top boxes, he described his thinking thus:
The leadership team of Hu Jintao, the president, and Wen Jiabao, the premier, has complemented the powerful economic re-emergence with a packed diplomatic schedule reflecting the new pressures, and interests, the country's growth has delivered it.
So some distinction is needed between virtual worlds whose outcomes spill over into real life and those that are merely games. Edward Castronova, a professor at Indiana University, argues that “open worlds” with tradeable assets and convertible currencies should be subject to law while “closed world” games should have limited liability.
The shadow foreign secretary’s oration came at the end of a long and lacklustre day of debate on whether Britain should extend its bombing campaign against Isis in Iraq to Syria. In the course of 15 minutes, Mr Benn detailed the case for action, defying the anti-war stance of Labour’s leader Jeremy Corbyn. His bravura performance was greeted with rapturous applause by MPs on all sides — one of the rare occasions this has happened. In the days since, it has been replayed by tens of thousands of Britons on digital media.
China said yesterday it would mount a sustained campaign to restore security in Xinjiang, combining mass mobilisation of communist party units in the region with a pledge to deal ruthlessly with the &ldquo criminals&rdquo  behind the week's violence.
His remarks come as leading firms – driven by customer comments, the threat of lawsuits and worries over recruitment – are setting up a raft of initiatives aimed at attracting groups of people who have felt unwelcome in a historically conservative profession.
Mr Walby believes the successful completion of the programme is dependent upon experience of the workplace and consequently KPMG employees must have at least 18 months to two years experience working with clients before joining the programme.
theresa may triggered a two-year countdown to Britain’s breach with Europe yesterday by serving notice to Brussels that she intends to end their 44-year relationship in pursuit of a new place for the UK in the global order.
Similar implementing measures are pending in Shanghai and in Shanxi and Anhui provinces.
In fact, whether by coincidence or because of the desire to discuss events with other governments, about 40 heads of state are expected to attend the forum this year, about double the customary number.
Qiaoling Huang was struck by the beauty of Australia’s Gold Coast when he visited as a tourist more than 20 years ago.
Russia-based researchers said they have found a series of sophisticated hacking tools within the hard drives of personal computers built by some the world’s biggest manufacturers.
The Indian ministry of external affairs has repeatedly stated that Arunachal Pradesh is an integral part of India. “This position has been consistently and categorically conveyed to China,” officials said.
“These agents work on the structure, or substrate, of the protein itself, which had not been believed to be druggable,” says Dr Golde. “This broadens the notion of what drugs can do, and has wide-reaching implications for future drug discovery for many different disorders.”
Over the past two weeks, the chinese government has been rolling out an aggressive campaign to squeeze speculative buyers out of a property market that many analysts fear is close to a bubble. Almost every day a new administrative measure has been announced – raising the required deposit and interest rate on mortgages for second homes, telling local banks to avoid lending money for third homes and making it harder for people not resident in a city to get a mortgage there.
The “heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes”. Among the many weaknesses of the human mind is a tendency to assume that great events must have great causes, and to discount the role of accidents. “For want of a nail the horse was lost” is a far more accurate guide to human events than the scrutiny of heavenly portents. Screw-ups are much more frequent than conspiracies.
chinese state media had hailed it as the country’s answer to Lord of the Rings. The fantasy film Asura was meant to be the biggest hit of the year but became its fastest flop. Despite costing more than $110m, the most expensive film wholly made by a Chinese studio was pulled from cinemas after earning just over $7m in its opening weekend.
The debate over Washington's handling of the Macao affair came as the six-party talks ran into a stumbling block in Beijing.
This year had seen a record number of incidents in which countries had reported an attempt to infiltrate their defence information systems, or an attack aimed at disrupting key organisations such as air-traffic control, financial services or utility companies.
Mr El-Gamal’s Soho Properties has been seeking financing for the 665-ft skyscraper at a time when us banks have pulled back from luxury property as some in the industry warn of a glut in supply. He says he has begun sales for the 50 units at 45 Park Place priced on average north of $3,000 per square foot, higher than the $1,809 average for Manhattan condominiums, according to data from the Corcoran Group.
After the years of hype about how the world's biggest commercial passenger jet will radically change the flying experience, and all the heartache of Airbus's inability to deliver the plane on time, the day has finally arrived.
The chinese market and its consumers and their likely influence in the global economy in the near future are the greatest drawcards, especially in the information technology sector. The dimensions and competitiveness of the Chinese mobile phone market, for example, means it naturally has the potential to become a source of global innovation.
But mr greenspan said that his successors at the Fed – who meet tomorrow to set interest rates – would have to be careful not to ease rates too aggressively, because the risk of an “inflationary resurgence” was greater now than when he was Fed chief.
“For us, China is not about outsourcing and cheap labour,” he told the Financial Times. “We don’t want to give them the crumbs. It’s about different science. We will link our fate to their fate. Within five to ten years we will be moving from ‘made in China’ to ‘discovered in China.’”
Huawei did not respond to a request to comment.
However, Zhang Xu, chief fixed-income analyst at Everbright Securities, said the likelihood of formal bankruptcies at banks was still low.
mrs may admitted she was facing defeat by a “significant margin” in the vote scheduled for yesterday, but was unable to tell MPs how she might improve the deal or whether she would put it to a vote before Christmas.
The experiment came to an abrupt close in 1989 with the fall of the Berlin Wall, exposing the economic ruin of decades of Soviet-bloc economics. Centrally planned East Germany had exhibited productivity levels little better than one-third those of market-oriented West Germany. Much of the then third world, absorbing the tutorial, converted quietly to market capitalism.
The Pakistan air force is buying up to 250 JF-17 fighter aircraft jointly produced by China and Pakistan in a deal that analysts believe could be worth about $5bn.
Since 2003, chief executives and private equity investors have been fuelling the M&A boom by taking advantage of cheap debt and strong cash flows to bid for companies with attractive valuations.
A second vital quality is political weight. A European MD will have the support of the IMF’s biggest voting bloc. But if the institution is to remain credibly global — and guard against the possibility that China might try to create its own worldwide monetary body — there are strong arguments to reach beyond Europe. To succeed, nonetheless, the new head must be seen as fully credible by both Europe and the US.
The People’s Bank of China and four financial regulatory agencies jointly issued draft rules last month to eliminate implicit guarantees, regulatory arbitrage and maturity mismatch in the asset management sector.
UBS has become the first foreign bank to sponsor an initial public offering on China’s new tech-focused Star Market, where underwriters are required to invest in the listings they bring to the market.
The initiative comes as the US worries about Iran and North Korea’s ballistic missile capabilities, as well as technological advances made by the militaries of China and Russia.
Let’s look at the situation in the UK. The bail-out – if that is the word – came in a number of forms, including the nationalisation of Northern Rock, compensation for depositors who lost money in Icelandic banks, capital injections into the likes of RBS and Lloyds, and extensive guarantees of bank debt designed to reassure investors and so make it easier for banks to raise money and keep on doing business.
Given the state’s iron grip on the domestic media it is unsurprising that mr putin commands strong support at home. The stifling of internal dissent has seen him tap a powerful emotion – nationalism rooted in grievance. He is far from alone in seeing the collapse of the soviet union as a catastrophe and the US as the author of Russia’s subsequent ills. The foreigners are to blame.
The UK lags behind most of its industrial competitors in spending on research and development by government and business, writes Clive Cookson. The science and technology indicators released this summer by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development alarmed UK science policy-watchers.
In an unusual move, Mr Lai decided he would continue coverage of Skyworth “even though there was no money to be made from it ... I got clients into it and I couldn't just abandon them. They would want to know what happened should the company come back [to trading],” he says.
But with demonstrations drawing only up to 5,000 people, the authorities are confident there is no serious threat to stability.
Now chinese companies in the mainland, typically founded in the wake of the country's economic liberalisation in the 1980s, are looking to their hong kong counterparts for guidance on how to handle succession issues, says Mr Zheng. “[Chinese companies] see hong kong family businesses as sharing the same Chinese culture and values, and because the hong kong companies have a head start and are already facing these issues, they are keen to learn about their experiences.”
Where villages and towns were only partly damaged and survivors were waiting to rebuild, Taipei gave the private sector a large role. The government collected donations and set up the 921 Earthquake Relief Foundation, run by private sector experts, to plan reconstruction and distribute money.
chinese lenders have cut their benchmark lending rate as Beijing grapples with the fallout of a deadly coronavirus epidemic that has battered the country’s economy.
MacGregor's stated ambitions for the programme are seemingly modest: building bilateral links with partner institutions abroad, sharing of staff, workshops on exhibition presentation, short courses for curators from countries that would otherwise find it difficult to forge relationships with their British counterparts.
DeWitt Stern, a 110-year-old US insurance broker, has already received expressions of interest from London underwriters about backing a reputational risk product it aims to launch early in 2010.
Harris and three other north american funds which collectively own about 27 per cent of Nikko Cordial rejected Citigroup's original Y1,350 offer.
foreign direct investment from the european union into China fell steeply last year from &#8364 6bn in 2006 to &#8364 1.8bn ($2.7bn). In Russia, it soared from &#8364 10.6bn to &#8364 17.1bn.
Swiss luxury group Richemont has announced a joint venture with chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba to boost its online presence in China.
It’s a different story with mass-market brands. Yellow Tail, the archetypal “critter” brand so successful it now accounts for almost half of all Australian wine imported into the US, is famously relatively sweet – as is one of the most successful brands of California Chardonnay, Kendall Jackson Vintner’s Reserve. These brands are likely to notch up sugar levels of at least 5-6g/l. Some of the California whites naughtily labelled Chablis, even though it is a controlled geographical appellation in Europe, can notch up well over 10g/l of sugar, often in the form of deliberately added sweet grape juice concentrate.
I have experienced my fair share of blubbing PAs, as well as blubbing women managers. I regard it as a strength of such women that they can express emotion in the workplace and move on. I regret that social and cultural norms have prevented me as a man doing the same. I had to make up for it outside work. I'm glad to see that one man at least does not have this inhibition.
Perhaps the most interesting thing that actually happens is when, after a year without China has been completed fairly successfully, she and her husband can take their children to buy toys again on New Year's Day.
Do asset managers pose a growing systemic risk to the economy? This month the Reserve Bank of Australia and the Basel committee on banking supervision joined a growing list of regulators who think so.
“The reasons I have been given recently are that people are fed up with the government, taxes, creaking infrastructure in the south-east, problems with schools and the weather.”
In 2004, when he was head of Samsung Electronics’ semiconductor business, Mr Hwang was invited by the late steve jobs to Apple’s headquarters in Cupertino. The Apple founder was mulling how to make the iPod slimmer and its battery last longer.
Results indicated that Mr Tsipras would be able to reform the coalition he previously led after he first came to power in January with the nationalist Independent Greeks — although with a smaller majority.
But the financial world has a short memory, particularly when easy money and innovation collide. In recent months subprime lending has quietly staged a surprisingly powerful return, not in relation to real estate, but another American passion – cars. Some wonder how long it will be before this new boom causes another wave of casualties, not just among naive consumers, but investors too.
Now it is over. Since May, commodity prices and mining shares have imploded. Copper prices, for example, have halved. The global mining index is down by 70 per cent. Stocks of everything from aluminium to zinc are being piled high while container ships lie empty. The spiral of strong demand lifting commodity prices (including energy), which in turn pushes up production costs and hence prices, has reversed. Economies, including China's, are slowing.
Arguing the case for strengthening the country’s defences – in an article in the Moscow daily Rossiskaya Gazeta – Russia’s prime minister wrote: “New regional and local wars are being sparked before our very eyes . . . There are attempts to provoke such conflicts in the immediate vicinity of the borders of Russia and our allies.”
At the same time, US rule-makers are writing detailed provisions for the Dodd-Frank law that will reshape the way lenders do business with customers ranging from the man on the street to General Electric.
The door to the Monkey Lounge is unmarked, tucked down an alley, and identifiable only by its simian knocker. Shanghai may be a rich and roaring city, but its beau monde want to party discreetly, and this place is very discreet indeed. To get in, you need the closely guarded door code, and to get that you must make a reservation, by calling the unpublished phone number.
“Despite our best efforts to secure approval, it has become evident that CFIUS will not clear this transaction and we and Xinyan have mutually decided to terminate our merger agreement,” said Xcerra chief executive Dave Tacelli.
Even before Thursday, worries about peak iPhone and the trade war had hit the share price. It has fallen 16 per cent since October, compared with 11 per cent for the Taiwan market index. But the shares are still highly rated. They trade on 17 times next year’s earnings. That is more than twice Samsung’s multiple, and well above those of Intel and Apple.
A top federal reserve official has damped expectations that the central bank would raise us interest rates next month, highlighting how the turmoil that has spread from China to global markets is rattling policymakers.
“I think [recent market turmoil] will create uncertainty and will have an impact on consumer confidence,” Mr Goerlich says.
Changsheng Biotechnology, the drugmaker at the centre of China’s latest  safety scandal, slumped for a seventh straight session on Tuesday as public outrage over a revelation that the company sold fake vaccines intensified and authorities launched an investigation.
“This community has a more ‘risk-seeking' mandate and invests in a broad range of asset classes . . .  Transparency on SWF activity is poor, although, if Norway is any guide, equities could rise to 60 per cent of total portfolios.
Other countries, including Mexico, are also trying to boost domestic tourism in an attempt to replace the international visitors they have lost.
The Elgin Marbles, Stonehenge and the Crown Jewels are labelled “priceless” for good reason.
The device even fooled a building inspector. He “walked up and down the stairs and he knew something was wrong about the size of the rooms but he couldn't work it out,” Beghou says. “He still doesn't know.”
Finally, Vale has landed one of its controversial megaships in China to unload its iron ore. Whether this signals a relaxation in the country’s ban on Brazil’s giant carriers is unknown. But it is a shame that this has come at a time when the fall in shipping rates means that Brazil no longer has a big disadvantage over the Australians for being situated 10,000 miles from the world’s biggest iron ore consumer. The bigger problem for the likes of Vale now is that as China slows, Brazil is losing the premium that its iron ore once commanded.
“The larger challenge around this visit is that if this type of Chinese behaviour continues and we are only able to get Band-aid cures, at what point do we then begin to impose costs?” says Michael Green, a former Asia director at the white house national security Council. Even if the obama administration does not ultimately take harsher steps, he says, Beijing’s actions are “imprinting how the next administration thinks about China”.
chinese officials have met the Afghan Taliban several times in the past year, figures in the Pakistan government told the Financial Times, as Beijing seeks to play an important role in ending the 17-year conflict in Afghanistan.
Huge numbers of uniformed and plainclothes police, combined with street-cleaning vehicles, made sure no crowds formed on Wangfujing, one of the busiest shopping streets in Beijing, where an anonymous online appeal has been calling on people to gather for weekly ‘strolls’ for democracy.
The 2016 ranking features a record 90 programmes, up from 70 in 2014. The ranking is based on data collected from two surveys: one of the participating business schools and the other of alumni who graduated three years ago — the class of 2013. The ranking is in part based on how successful alumni have been in their careers, as reflected in the salary data.
With the us economy growing at 3.6 per cent in the last quarter, most would expect Asia’s factory floors to be humming once again.
“The key thing we point out again and again is that they have to write a report that shows they’ve been at the school and learnt – it mustn’t be a report thay they could have written before they came,” she says.
The ways in which financial “deleveraging” feeds into the broader economy are exemplified by the car industry. Annual US sales of light vehicles are expected to hit about 12m in 2009, from a peak of about 17m. Not only have consumers stopped spending money, but credit to buy a new car is much scarcer.
I hope this hospitable custom persists. And I look forward to the day when restaurateurs and dinner hostesses everywhere copy the civilised American habit of placing a jug of fresh cold tap water on the table when giving customers the menu to peruse. Good food is important but water is the essence of life.
At a party last week, I met a man who until recently was a government minister. We chatted about this and that, and he said how much he was enjoying his assortment of sinecures – non-executive directorships, speaking engagements and so on. He had both more money and more spare time than he used to have  in all, life was good. I asked him if he was missing the power. He looked at me as if I were a simpleton. Government ministers don't have any power, he said.
The price of coal has continued to fall this year as demand has weakened and producers in Australia and Indonesia have increased output in an effort to push down unit costs.
Ms Tsai crushed rival Eric Chu from the ruling Kuomintang, or Nationalist party, in the presidential race, winning 56 per cent of the vote to his 31 per cent, as the Taiwanese people voiced their dissatisfaction with the KMT’s lacklustre government and its pro-China policies.
They are counting on warmer bilateral ties to help break a logjam for us investment banks trying to expand their businesses in China, while also helping to smooth the approvals process for mergers and acquisitions, say the dealmakers.
One day I would love to conduct an experiment by replacing the entire board of directors of a major corporation with shop dummies and see how well things go. I'm confident most organisations would carry on regardless - and quite a few would unquestionably perform better. Out would go mad strategic initiatives, doomed takeovers, suicidal rebranding exercises and so forth. Responsible leaders on the ground would be able to get on with the job without distractions.
Global health experts have criticised the slow response to the outbreak in Wuhan, the city where the coronavirus was first discovered late last year but only widely reported last month as the number of cases surged.
Citigroup would be allowed by chinese law to hold a maximum one-third stake, with the rest controlled by Orient Securities.
Although it was granted new powers to extend its credit lines to Fannie and Freddie and invest in their equity last month, the Treasury has been adamant it does not expect to have to make use of the new authority.
That melds with Mr Cayne's development as a champion card player. In his younger days, Mr Cayne specialised in poker, but as he aged he switched to bridge, a game that rewards the shrewd tactician over the swashbuckling gambler. “He has a very sophisticated mind for detail and for playing the percentages and that's what bridge is all about,” says Melvyn Weiss, a securities lawyer and sometime golf partner of Mr Cayne. “And that has helped turn him into a legendary wall street figure.”
While companies can make their logistics systems as efficient as possible when delivering products, returns rely on consumers, retailers and other third party distributors to label and package the goods.
HSBC says it has a policy of never paying journalists and that it was not involved in organising the China Charity Foundation event. The event, featuring HSBC chairman Stephen Green, was hosted by the foundation and organised by local PR firm, Voice One Communications, which also said HSBC had no role in organising the payments.
The new coronavirus may already have infected far more people in the UK than scientists had previously estimated — perhaps as much as half the population — according to modelling by researchers at the University of Oxford.
Clever marketing has been vital. The company sponsors more than 100 athletes around the world and assembles teams of skaters, surfers, snowboarders and BMX and motocross riders to promote the brands.
These days, Onogi’s story has become a thought-provoking and humbling one, not just for Japan but for wall street as well. Indeed, I would venture that Onogi’s tale should be mandatory reading for western bankers, particularly on the 10-year ­anniversary of the great America subprime shock.
The european financial stability facility’s purpose is to match these asymmetries. On the back of guarantees by stronger member states, it will raise private funding and channel it to governments struggling to finance themselves in the market. For the EFSF itself, there is no reason not to approach China as a potential investor. But the monetary union itself has no need for China’s savings and good reasons to stay away from them.
One of the more memorable articles in the hong kong press of late featured a diagram comparing the height of a stack Rmb100 bills worth Rmb200m with the height of a well-known skyscraper in Causeway Bay. It was meant to demonstrate the amount of currency reportedly found in one of the homes of Wei Pengyuan – a deputy director of the National Development and Reform Commission’s coal department.
Leftist nationalist Andrés Manuel López Obrador has comfortably won Mexico’s presidential election, dealing a drubbing to established parties, according to exit polls.
But the whole amounts to more than the sum of the parts. One Belt, One Road is China’s route to Eurasian primacy. And the gods are looking favourably on the Chinese leader. The belligerent isolationism that counts for foreign policy in president donald Trump’s White House offers Beijing a free hand.
When Russia and China signed a $400bn gas supply deal in May it marked an unexpected breakthrough after a decade of delays and bogged-down negotiations. For Vladimir Putin, the deal was something more: the dawn of a golden era in Russo-Chinese economic co-operation.
China is still the most favoured manufacturing destination in the emerging markets. But other developing countries such as Mexico and Indonesia are showing promise.
“I’ve been studying here for over a decade, I’m busy every Monday to Friday with classes,” says Ms Chen. “I feel like I’m getting younger and younger!”
The impact is anything but academic. Mr Marsden and his colleagues found that companies with a poor balance of positive to negative WOM – in this study, Lloyds-TSB, J. Sainsbury, and T-Mobile – grew more slowly than their competitors over the period studied.
Though people have drifted in between 8pm and 8.45, by now everyone is eating the same course at the same time. That should make things easier for the “one-man ichaud/i” (Figaroscope's phrase) but, in fact, Rose makes everything look easy. For the main course, he has boned the ipintade /iin advance, and it is ready to roll – on a layer of green broad beans, with radish, parsley, mint, chervil and chicken stock. The original Michelin man, who has been chatting to Rose off and on throughout the meal, amiably repeats his plate-carrying role.
The reading, if it is upheld at a final reading published later, would signal a reversal of a two month decline. The reading fell to 49.6 in December, ending a six-month streak of gains.
The second internet boom is marked by greater discrimination – notwithstanding some of the prices being paid for young, unproven companies. At least the big internet businesses are built on cash-generative foundations. But it could yet culminate in another big deal. The difference this time is that it may well be a big internet company that gets snapped up, rather than one using its highly-rated paper to do the buying/b
The agreement follows an auction that pitted the consortium against foreign investors Bain Capital, Permira and Macquarie Group.
Every day, twice a day, for the past 20 years, the executive charged with investing tens of billions of dollars for Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund thinks of nothing. He does this by sitting silently and saying a word inside himself. After a few minutes, his breathing calms, his face muscles relax and the flutter behind his eyelids stills.
Sometimes China seems to have cornered the market for superlatives: the biggest, the fastest, the cheapest, the best &ndash  whether the subject is economic growth or Olympic pageantry. Now the country is planning the biggest ever world&rsquo s fair &ndash  the Shanghai World Expo, which will run for six months next year, and is expected to attract 70m visitors, 3.5m of them foreigners.
Thus did mere businessmen enter the ranks of great leaders, warriors, philosophers and poets, achieving immortality in an effigy.
Chenming appears confident of finding alternative funding, saying in its weekend announcement it had applied for a Rmb6bn ($753m) long-term loan from a group of domestic banks to finance the pulp mill in southern guangdong for which the CVC investment had been earmarked.
The Financial Times/Harris survey showed scarcely any respondents in the main european economies or the US believed inflation would not affect them.
On Wall Street, mixed company earnings data weighed on US stocks. The S&P 500 was up 0.9 per cent while the dow jones industrial average added 0.2 per cent by midday.
DeepMind, Google’s artificial intelligence business, is planning clinical trials of technology that can help diagnose eye disease by analysing medical images after early tests showed its results were more accurate than human doctors.
Ola, the local company battling Uber for the Indian ride-hailing market, has raised $1.1bn from investors including China’s Tencent and Japan’s SoftBank, pushing this year’s funding into Indian technology start-ups to a record high.
Simons proposed the creation of pure deposit-taking institutions holding 100 per cent reserves whose assets had to be held in currency or federal reserve deposits. So, barring a break-up of the US or similar disasters, a depositor could always brget his or her money back and quickly. Other financial institutions, whether or not called banks, would carry on paying interest and looking for more profitable investments. brBut the ordinary citizen would brknow that he was on his own if he invested in them and learn that higher returns came with higher risk.
But the treatment of the British private equity industry is merely one example of a broader problem with tax policy in the UK and many other industrialised countries. Some experts have long suspected that using the tax system to encourage entrepreneurs and investment in growing business has a tendency to backfire.
Still, the share prices of China Mengniu, the domestic industry’s biggest dairy processor, and China Modern Dairy, the top supplier, just jumped after Mengniu’s tie-up with Danone, among others, boosted first-half sales. If China’s milk industry can shed the scandals, it is worth investors taking a look.
The data collected in 2007 (from the EMBA class that graduated in 2004) carries 50 per cent of the total weight. Data from the 2006 and 2005 rankings are each given 25 per cent of the total weight. If only two years of data is available, then the ratio is 60 per cent from this year's survey and 40 per cent from the 2006 survey.
Both banks will now be able to offer fund products designed by local fund managers to retail, corporate and institutional clients.
The decision comes as record imports of gold bars have made Vietnam the world's biggest market for gold bullion, surpassing India and China and helping to deepen Vietnam's trade deficit.
Kremlin-controlled gas group Gazprom will commence pipe laying in a section of the Baltic Sea administered by Denmark on Friday, despite measures from Washington designed to cripple the politically divisive project financed by five of Europe’s biggest energy companies.
The incident has put the company right at the heart of chinese government efforts to improve food safety this year after several scandals. It has also entangled it in the colourful politics of Chongqing, whose powerful regional party leader bo xilai knows a large, populist target when he sees one.
The president will be visiting an area that has become increasingly anxious about the long-term implications of a more powerful China and an erratic North Korea. However, it is also worried that the US has become distracted by partisan politics, by crises in the Middle East and Europe and by looming cuts in its defence budget.
Shinzo Abe’s appointment this week as japanese prime minister has been welcomed in Asian capitals as the possible dawn of a new era of co-operation between Japan and China, the two economic giants and traditional rivals of east Asia.
“[Investment] performance counts, but so does the quarterback who advocates broad diversification and prudent asset allocation,” says Northern Trust's Mr Skjervem.
This shift is captured well by the story of Primrose Schools, a chain of American pre-school nurseries founded in Atlanta in 1982. Through a franchise model, the company has expanded across the US with 400-odd outlets, producing $780m of revenue in 2018. In 2008, it was acquired by Roark Capital, a private equity group.
The us food and drug administration approved zanubrutinib, a treatment for mantle cell lymphoma, a rare kind of blood cancer, for use by patients who have received one prior therapy for the disease.
His remarks echoed those of Robert Zoellick, World Bank president, who said this week that high food and oil prices were pushing the world into "a danger zone". mr zoellick said $10bn (&pound 5bn, &#8364 6.3bn) should be made available to alleviate hunger and to help pay for seeds and fertilisers.
Chinese stocks suffered their biggest one-day fall in two weeks as concerns over the domestic property sector returned to haunt the market.
As well as modelling, she tried her hand at acting, and had a bit part in Alexander Korda’s The Private Life of Don Juan (1934). After filming she stayed on in England where she had begun a short-lived romance with Max Aitken, son of Lord Beaverbrook, who did everything he could to break it up.
While most protesters in other parts of the world focused on Beijing&rsquo s crackdown on Tibet, south korean protesters used the occasion to demand china to stop repatriating North Korean defectors to Pyongyang, where they face heavy punishment.
Does anyone deserve to be rich? There is a widespread belief in a distinction between the deserving and the undeserving rich. And it goes far beyond the ancient debate over egalitarianism or socialism. Even for those who are happy to accept capitalism, and the idea that some will be richer than others, there is still a sense that some of the wealthy do not deserve their status.
When news began to spread in January of a lethally contagious coronavirus in China, ministers and scientists rushed to reassure the public that England was unusually well placed to manage the threatened global pandemic.
The company said the review would determine whether the deal “could disturb public order” in Germany. It referred all further questions to the Economics Ministry, which could not be reached for comment.
donald trump signalled yesterday he will revert to the more bare-knuckled campaigning that won him the Republican nomination after the party’s most senior elected official abandoned the billionaire’s campaign, in a sign that the final month of the presidential race could be the nastiest yet.
chinese banks have been competing for offshore renminbi by issuing certificates of deposit with terms of up to a year, the yields or interest rates of which have increased dramatically over the past year, according to analysts.
donald trump became the third president in us history to be impeached when the House of Representatives charged him with using the power of his office for personal gain in a partisan vote that could be the defining moment of his presidency.
The new year has already brought a spate of eye-catching events. Expect this year’s headlines to be dominated by conflict in the Middle East, insurgency in Hong Kong, Brexit and the re-election (or not) of us president donald Trump.
Fraud is a word to strike fear into the hearts of any investor, who tend to take a company’s financial figures at face value. But time after time they find themselves burnt when overly aggressive or even fraudulent accounting leads to calamity.
Beijing has used the programme to build roads, ports and power stations in some of the world’s poorest countries. But critics have raised concerns about the social and environmental impact of the projects, saying that many of them are white elephants that have left states heavily indebted to Beijing.
It is a passion that has never left me. In the past decade I have documented the 53 capitals of the continent in a bid to understand how regional geography and tradition transcend state boundaries. In that time I have researched the great pyramids of Giza, the temples of Luxor, Libya’s Roman ruins at Leptis Magna, the stone walls of great Zimbabwe, the Buganda shrine of Uganda, the medieval Islamic architecture of Fes and Marrakech in Morocco, Ethiopia’s churches carved into the rock in Lalibela and much more.
However, accusations from critics that Beijing is deliberately financing “white elephant” infrastructure via loans with the intention to expose small nations to default are alarmist and wide of the mark, it says.
KKR was one of three lead investors in ByteDance’s $3bn capital raise in 2018, part of a series of tech deals in Asia that it has quietly pursued over the past few years. “Asia is a winner-take-all market,” says one person with close ties to the New York-based group, which declined to comment citing fundraising rules. “KKR goes from country to country to identify national champions and invest behind them at an early stage.”
Top Olympics officials questioned whether it was appropriate to allow fast-food chain McDonald’s to continue sponsoring the Games amid mounting concern about global obesity, the international olympic committee president has admitted.
Prudential said it was “considering its position” but AIG's rejection has, in effect, killed a deal investors holding as much as 20 per cent of its shares had signalled they would not support in a vote on June 7 unless the price was renegotiated.
In April, the government cut the stamp tax on stock trades from 0.3 to 0.1 per cent, reversing a decision made less than a year earlier when Beijing was trying to damp a raging bull market that saw stock prices virtually double last year.
Fifa executives took bribes worth millions of dollars in a culture of “rampant, systemic and deep-rooted” corruption, us authorities claimed yesterday, plunging football’s governing body into the worst crisis in its history.
The resignation of the swashbuckling American investment banker, who faces a grilling by a parliamentary committee today, left a widening hole in the leadership of one of Britain’s biggest global banks.
mr trump also signed an unusually strong statement that accused Russia of being behind the “first offensive use of a nerve agent in Europe since the second world war” in the attempted murder of former double agent sergei skripal and his daughter in Salisbury on March 4.
Can an infant affect the global power of a nation in the 21st century? He can if he is a Windsor born in Britain this week. Not perhaps the way a male Tudor heir would have affected Britain’s balance with Spain five centuries ago, but Prince George affects Britain’s soft power in the world.
Beleaguered Democrats fighting a rearguard action in upcoming mid-term elections are shaking their heads at this new handicap with which the president has burdened them. Republican notables such as Newt Gingrich and Sarah Palin, jostling for position in the wannabe president stakes, can scarcely contain their glee.
Dominic Raab, the foreign secretary, said that public health and economic security dictated that the lockdown should extend into early May. He repeated previous statements from boris johnson that the disease might not be fully contained until June.
Little more than a year ago, the mood was buoyant. Lenovo was seen as having successfully completed the integration of IBM's personal computer business.
Benjamin Lawsky, the new york regulator known for taking a hard line against overseas banks, has shouldered his way into the long-running Libor scandal, investigating deutsche bank for alleged manipulation of the benchmark borrowing rate, according to people familiar with the matter.
“We have put in place credible plans for dealing with our deficit – the credibility of our plan can be seen in what happened with the interest rates on our bonds,” said a spokesman for David Cameron, UK prime minister. “The markets clearly don’t agree with Noyer,” added a UK Treasury official. Privately British officials were astonished by the remarks.
The stores have an acrylic glass and stainless steel retro look, with a heavy Phillippe Starck influence. The mood, which deliberately refers back to the frozen yoghurt heyday of the 1980s, is reinforced by the use as background music of remixed hits by bands of the period such as Spandau Ballet.
Nonsense. mrs clinton made the same case for a united America, an “inclusive, big-hearted America” in her concession speech that she made in the last debate and in plenty of campaign speeches. The change was in the listener, not the speaker. Once she was properly humbled, her grace, grit and authenticity could be recognised. For millions of American women, and plenty of men, she was always striving for something beyond herself, a stronger, more united, equal and caring America. She made this point at the 2008 Democratic Convention, when she talked about the people who had motivated her to run. She said to her supporters: “I want you to ask yourselves: Were you in this campaign just for me? . . . Or were you in it for all the people in this country who feel invisible?”
What do higher oil prices mean for Asia? Three years ago, the region got off relatively lightly from the rise in crude. But if the price of a barrel of Brent, up a quarter in the past three months, continues to grind higher, Asia may not be so fortunate this time. India, in particular, looks vulnerable. That helps to explain why emerging market stocks have underperformed as the oil price rises.
Saudi Arabia’s ruling family has thus far been spared the type of popular discontent that has toppled presidents in Tunisia and Egypt and brought Libya to the brink of civil war, after cities in the country’s eastern region rebelled against Col Gaddafi’s rule. On Wednesday, Misurata became the first major city in western Libya to slip from the regime’s control.
Dealers slashed prices of cars last month ahead of stricter emissions regulations implemented in many cities from July. One Buick dealer in the eastern city of Changzhou said he had cut the price of vehicles by as much as 25 per cent.
It must have taken some nerve for Shoin Yoshida to scramble into a tiny boat and row out in the blackness of night to the hulking American ship, groaning with guns, anchored in Shimoda Bay. Japan had for 200 years been severed from the west, its isolation enforced by the shogunate families who had controlled the island nation for two centuries. In 1854, the year of Shoin's escapade, few dared fraternise with barbarians. The punishment for those who did, and came back to discuss it, was death.
In political theory, an illiberal democracy is defined as one that only pays attention to elections, while it violates, in the years between elections, some core democratic principles, especially freedom of expression.
China has a problem with family businesses: a sizeable number are preparing to hand over control to the next generation. However — in a development that some say will hurt and others think might help the world’s second-biggest economy — some may not stay in business at all.
But that looks like a distant prospect. BP, Shell and Eni say they still consider the concession deals to be subject to force majeure – code for unexpected and disruptive events that prevent contractual obligations from being met. Chevron and ConocoPhillips have dec-lined to comment.
world trade is a helpful lens through which to monitor global economic health. The collapse of 2008-09 was triggered by a financial earthquake but transmitted across the world by a precipitous fall in trade. Early in the crisis, industrial production fell at the same pace as at the start of the Great Depression in 1929-30 – but the trade collapse was unprecedented. Looking into the abyss, world leaders mustered a co-ordinated stimulus to limit the fall. Yet the rebound was powered by the Chinese appetite for imports that accelerated global trade in 2010.
In spite of domestic economic problems &ndash  exports fell by almost half in February, industrial output was down 9.4 per cent month-on-month and data yesterday showed the most rapid worsening of job availability since 1974 &ndash  Mr Aso's message is clear: Japan remains a force in the world.
The protest was sparked by the death of a 22-year-old woman named as Ms Yuan, from Anhui province, who worked in the Jingwen Clothing Mall and was found dead on May 3 after falling from the top of the building.
Fitbit intends to sell 22.4m shares, raising up to $358m for general corporate purposes, at the top end of the range, while existing investors, including the company’s founders, will sell 7.5m shares for up to $120m.
The move comes after India failed to assure the US of “equitable and reasonable” market access while Turkey was now “sufficiently economically developed”, the trade officials said.
Cinda's securities will be backed by Rmb21bn of non- performing loans made in Guangdong province.
Earlier on Monday, the White House said mr trump was “evaluating the situation”. But an official said Mr Flynn had resigned on Monday evening amid scrutiny over allegations that he broke the law and concern that he had lied to White House officials about the case.
Given that China is a young fund market, foreign managers have long struggled to find qualified local staff. But the stampede about to enter the market is exacerbating the talent war, as managers fight over top candidates. “The big issue in China is keeping people,” says Hugh Young, head of Asia for Standard Life Aberdeen. “It’s a hot market.”
Perhaps this is not surprising for someone who started working at the age of 13 in a bicycle repair shop and later wangled his first job in a bank by marching into the chief executive’s office and promising to work hard and learn about finance.
Wednesday's figure of $49bn was nearly double that of Japan's $26.9bn turnover yesterday, and the roughly $16.5bn combined trading volume in Australia, Hong Kong, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea, India, Taiwan, Indonesia, new zealand and Vietnam.
However, there have been many, very much bigger mistakes than Flip. Recall the catastrophic purchase by Daimler of Chrysler for $38bn, or indeed the series of terrible deals done by Ford Motor in the 1990s, including Volvo for $6.5bn, Jaguar for $2.4bn, and Kwik-Fit for $1.6bn. At the time, Ford was embracing the idea of diversifying into a services organisation. Their stagnant core business was still throwing off lots of cash, which enabled the group to squander many billions in ill-advised purchases. Kwik-Fit was subsequently almost given away to private equity house CVC for a third of its original cost, just three years after its purchase. Typically, the architect of the strategy, Jacques Nasser, then departed and new management felt less shame in taking the loss and moving on. Ford refocused, and has just delivered record first-quarter net income of $2.6bn.
The $140m mission, if successful, would place India alongside the US, Russia and China as the only countries to have pulled off a controlled Moon landing. Narendra Modi, prime minister, wrote on Twitter that “every Indian is immensely proud today”, while Sushma Swaraj, a former foreign minister from the leader’s Bharatiya Janata party, congratulated the scientists for “making India a space superpower”.
Inevitably, the existence of rival 4G standards has led to a battle of words between proponents – in particular about the relative costs and advantages of deploying different 4G technologies.
Chen Shui-bian, the former president of Taiwan credited with cementing the island's transition from dictatorship to democracy, has admitted to being the “splittist” that China has long accused him of being in a lengthy prison diary, excerpts of which have been obtained by the Financial Times.
“It seems the company is largely resistant to transformational changes,” says Scott Kessler, equity analyst at Standard & Poor's. “It's looking more like transitional changes . . . redirecting people and capital to other projects.”
While there are reports of progress in tackling the challenges faced by Greece, Italy and other vulnerable eurozone states, the eurozone’s traumas are far from over. “The crisis has damaged the European economy . . . and this crisis is by no means behind us,” Olli Rehn, european union economy commissioner, said this week. “It will take time. structural reforms often take a long time . . . Markets, however, tend to be impatient and this impatience can push sovereigns or banking institutions into a liquidity crisis.”
The biggest threat to investors may come from the foreign exchange market rather than directly from the stretched prices of equity and bond markets. Judging by recent policy and technical signals, the forex market may be about to exit an unusual phase of low volatility.
donald trump came under fire for politicising the US Independence Day celebrations, after ordering a large military parade through the nation’s capital city and planning a speech of his own at the Lincoln Memorial.
Again: "Our interviews with a wide range of market participants indicate that most have limited knowledge of the contents of FSSAs, a conclusion reinforced by the results of the recent survey conducted in connection with the internal review of the standards and codes initiative. Use of FSSAs by credit rating agencies appears to be somewhat greater, but they have used them only selectively."
CNAC is being delisted and privatised following the sale of its core asset, a 43 per cent stake in Hong Kong-based carrier DragonAir. As part of a complex agreement with Air China, DragonAir was acquired by Cathay Pacific, Hong Kong's international carrier.
Until last night, Mr King had been reluctant to describe the economy as in recession, insisting the word should be used only to signify a deep contraction in output and not two quarters where the economy might shrink a little.
The president’s tweet on Sunday was his clearest statement that the goal of the meeting was, indeed, to collect negative information on Mrs Clinton.
Overseas executives also accept that it will be tough to win market share from established former state-owned lenders, who boast a combined 75,000 branches nationwide.
I was born in 1955, near the seaside village of Pendine, Carmarthenshire. Dad worked in forestry and mum was a housewife. I went to the local school and we knew everybody in the community. I had a fairly quiet childhood, although I once came third in the Miss Pears children's beauty competition.
Some of the world’s biggest banks and investor groups have swung behind a pledge to raise $200bn by the end of next year to combat climate change.
us bank stocks fell throughout the morning in new york as investors took a dim view of the Obama administration's proposals to charge banks a levy to pay for the estimated $120bn that the government lost on its bail-out fund.
British scientists have developed a genetic weapon to attack antibiotic resistant bacteria. They say it could defeat “superbugs” such as MRSA, which pose a growing threat to public health.
The move comes as Alibaba is burnishing its credentials as a massive data company, harvesting information on consumers across its multiple platforms and using it to enable its merchants, advertisers ad manufacturers to better target their wares.
“Interbank liquidity improved significantly in the second quarter as the central bank gradually shifted its monetary policy stance towards an easing bias,” Moody’s said.
The measures, which went into effect on Sunday, update the official schemes that govern foreign access to the country’s enormous capital markets.
A study by the Oxford Migration Observatory suggests that the currency fluctuation will have a variety of different effects on future immigration flows depending on the reasons for a migrants coming to Britain.
us stocks fell sharply in late trading on Wednesday, wiping out the last of this year’s gains on swelling concerns about a slowdown in the global economy and an inflection point for Corporate America’s profit machine.
The OECD is right about the need for change. Existing international tax rules were designed decades ago in an era before tax havens and the digital economy. They have not kept up as the world has changed around them. Creative use of transfer pricing and the ambiguity surrounding the location of transactions in cyber space has enabled multinationals to book ever more of their profits in low-tax jurisdictions. Companies have become expert at exploiting the cracks between different systems to take charges against tax in one place while incurring no corresponding cost in another.
This year, 23 companies have floated in Shenzhen, the smaller of mainland China's two stock markets, raising $1,076.8m, compared with $910.9m in the same period last year by 23 IPOs, according to figures compiled by Thomson Reuters.
Turkey blamed the US for failing to clamp down on the PKK Kurdish separatist movement in northern Iraq, which it says has killed at least 30 Turkish soldiers and civilians in the past two weeks.
This spring, while Russian-backed separatists in eastern ukraine were gearing up for action, president vladimir putin tried to intimidate european leaders by suggesting that the Kremlin might redirect natural gas from Europe to China in retaliation for any EU sanctions. On May 21, mr putin suddenly reversed a decade of resistance and caved in to Chinese demands for a lower gas price, accepting $350 per thousand cubic metres. That is 42 per cent less than the price Lithuania pays – so low that it risks depressing natural gas prices throughout the Far East, including for future Russian sales to Japan. Moreover, Moscow will have to borrow $50bn to pay for new pipelines and other infrastructure, costs that must be repaid out of the paltry revenues.
“Should diplomacy fail, force might be necessary,” he said. “There ought to be consequences if it does not take place.”
If countries do not reform, he said: “I think there will always be questions about the viability of the project and Europe has not done enough to dispel these concerns.”
As financial and media industries have become more international, another dilemma has emerged for the jet set. Where do you manage your reputation from?
China’s transport ministry announced that, from this week, vehicles transporting piglets and chilled pork would be exempt from vehicle tolls under a “green passage” policy.
The announcement is a timely reminder of the unstable foundations of China's new-found banking success and comes at a time when concerns are being raised over a whole new crop of bad loans emerging from a government-led lending binge this year. The decision to roll the bonds over for another decade essentially delays another government bail-out of CCB that would have had to come from the Ministry of Finance.
The company gave notice of the change last week, according to a document seen by the Financial Times, after Israel moved to issue a compulsory licence for the drug combination’s use against the SARS-CoV2 coronavirus that is spreading worldwide.
But the same data reveal that just a third of small businesses are up and running, raising anxiety in a city that was brought to a standstill for 76 days.
“There is a fierce war for talents in Asia but hong kong is fighting its battle b[with] one hand behind its back/b,” Mr Lazzarotto said.（译文）
The us currency suffered its biggest one-day slide against the euro since the birth of the single European currency in January 1999 as the euro jumped from under $1.40 to above $1.44.
In a little-noticed change to the latest version of the iPhone operating system, iOS 14, Apple has begun to show its own search results and link directly to websites when users type queries from its home screen.
“Poor internet signal, lack of mobile phone or other internet devices, and lack of parental companionship and supervision” were the main reasons for abandoning the online classes, Ms Lu said.
Rosneft, the state oil company, and Arkady Rotenberg, a long-time friend and former judo sparring partner of president vladimir Putin, have both launched legal challenges to the sanctions, imposed over Russia’s actions in Ukraine.
So after the fire, and the headlines, and the public inquiry, smoking will be banned from all hotel rooms too. And the next stop on the line is Belmont, California. Smoking becomes effectively illegal and an even cooler thing for kids to take up.
So how did the other team do? Johnnie Boden penned a letter that went out to selected customers last week who had stopped buying from him. i
New chicken products have contributed about half the company's US same-store sales growth over the past few years, says David Palmer, analyst at UBS.
The consultancy reckons that between 2006 and 2017, global steel demand will grow by an average of 4.5 per cent a year, with annual growth of consumption in China likely to be 6.1 per cent, compared with just 2.9 per cent for everywhere else.
Meanwhile, Kansas-based AMC needs capital to refurbish existing cinemas and expand. Its revenues grew just 2 per cent over the past three quarters, half the rate of US box-office sales growth over the year. It also made net losses of $83m. Wanda says it will invest $500m on expansion and technology, which should secure its strategic position. But this is not yet a done deal.
On the other side of the Atlantic the same day, one of the Democrats hoping to unseat mr trump in next year’s presidential election gave a calmer speech at the un climate talks in Madrid. “I am here because no one from the White House is here,” said Michael Bloomberg, the new york billionaire and climate campaigner.
"MySpace has to morph into some form of community-based portal," says Steve Berkowitz, head of Microsoft's online services business. "It has to have search, it has to have community, it has to have content - otherwise people will still leave to go to other sites."
In any other chinese city the ringleaders of such an affront would risk detention, arrest and imprisonment. In Hong Kong, where civil freedoms are protected under a formula known as “one country, two systems”, the politicians' hardest task will be to overcome popular ennui in a city that is prosperous and free but not democratic.
While the US and European publics are losing faith in free trade, asian economies continue to work on free trade agreements. Few westerners are aware China and the Association of south east asian nations have concluded an agreement that will create the world's largest FTA, with 1.7bn people. Japan and India have similar FTAs with Asean. This growing interdependence will act as a pillar of stability and growth for the global economy.
Aggressive infrastructure-based fiscal expansion in the US from the incoming administration will help the country recover and rebuild but, as with the UK, there has to be a chance that any direct stimulus for the indebted us consumer will be saved, not spent. Indeed, it is no bad thing that domestic private savings will be rebuilt. Among other things it means the US will not need to keep gobbling up the world's savings.
Groysberg's study prompted me to think of other, marginalised groups whose outsider status prompted them to sharpen certain skills. Recent research, for instance, has suggested that a remarkable number of entrepreneurs and small business owners are dyslexic. When I reported on the rise of the Russian oligarchs in the 1990s, several of them told me that being Jewish – and thus subject to state discrimination in the Soviet era – meant they were less inclined to cling to the iancien régime/i and in a better position to spot the opportunities of the new era.
Xu Yongsheng was dismissed as deputy director of the NEA, state media said yesterday. He is one of four senior NEA officials – including those overseeing nuclear power, coal and renewable energy – to be placed under investigation in the past 10 days.
Back at the workshop, we are putting this theory to the test, pairing off to test our negotiating skills when faced with something – an imaginary treasure – that cannot be divided into two. Nearly every couple in the room is so afraid of a dispute, so unable to compete, that they let the treasure drop.
“We have lost faith in director-general Tedros’ ability to lead the World Health Organization,” the 17 Republicans on the House foreign affairs committee, led by Texas representative Michael McCaul, said in a letter to Mr Trump, accusing WHO’s leader of partisanship towards China.
Here are five things that analysts and investors will be looking for.
Two years ago, Shang Fulin, the head of the chinese stock market regulator, came under frequent attack for the uninspiring performance of the market which was languishing at near 1,000 points. Now he is occasionally admonished for not doing more to prevent the market's inexorable rise, with the main index now well over 5,000 points.
The Tencent-backed company dominated China’s wildly popular short video market from 2016 until the middle of last year, racking up some 200m active users with its simple short-video app that was designed to appeal to less tech-savvy users.
The Nanjing municipal government has announced that from today it will ban families registered as residing in the city of more than 8.2m and which own two or more homes from putting newly built residences up for sale. The government also banned non-locals who own one or more residences from selling either newly built or existing housing, according to a statement published today on its official website.
This practice has waned as companies have been forced to cut costs, particularly in the wake of the financial crisis. Most of the people who want to attend business school have had to fund themselves.
Fourth-quarter M&A volumes fell 32 per cent to $375.3bn from the previous three months, led by a 41 per cent decline in Europe. The drop, combined with a pullback in equity issuance amid turbulent markets, contributed to an 8 per cent fall in investment banking fees to $72.6bn for 2011, against 2010.
Something was missing from the british airways “ungrounded” hackathon last month: hackers.
Rio, battling a $140bn offer from rival BHP, would benefit more than its rival from a price increase as iron ore represents a larger share of its business.
“Nuclear materials that could be sold or stolen and fashioned into a nuclear weapon exist in dozens of nations,” mr obama said in welcoming the other leaders gathered round a gigantic conference table. “Just the smallest amount of plutonium – about the size of an apple – could kill and injure hundreds of thousands of innocent people.”
On my first day in my first Saturday job at a clothes chain popular with office workers, I was told to pluck an outfit off the rails and wear it. As sales assistants, we were selling the office dream.
Most political leaders who appear at the elite gathering in Switzerland act as salesman-in-chief for their countries, and India’s prime minister did not disappoint.
Beijing aims to redevelop all of China’s shanty towns by 2020 and has said residents should be given a choice between a new house of the same floor area, or monetary compensation based on market prices when their homes were demolished.
Her friends say it was a caricature: Ms Masters developed but did not invent the product and stopped working in the area years before derivatives on mortgage securities stoked the market meltdown in 2008, though she did later act as an industry advocate.
Anglo American is considering a counterbid for Macarthur Coal in an attempt to gatecrash a A$4.7bn (US$5.2bn) bid for the Australian coal group from Peabody Energy and ArcelorMittal.
The charter of the ExIm Bank, which provides credit to foreign buyers of US products, expires in September and attempts to reauthorise the bank have so far faltered amid strong opposition from conservative Republicans who see it as a form of crony capitalism. Congress is now in recess until September 8.
“It requires new thinking, for sure, and quickly,” Christine Lagarde, IMF managing director, said yesterday. “From competition we see productivity, we see innovation. Too much market concentration in the hands of too few is not helpful in the medium or long term.”
Among the privileges of owning a private jet is the freedom to bypass large airport hubs and fly directly to your destination. For this brief period in history, before the aviation elite obtain bigger engines for their Cessnas and Gulfstreams, the economy class has the ultra long distance edge.
But when Turkish journalists write controversial columns, they are risking their freedom. In other places, journalists are risking their lives. It is estimated that more than 20 Russian journalists have been murdered during Vladimir Putin’s years, with most of the cases unsolved.
Yet some analysts claim to have seen the early signs of a slowdown in chinese exports to the US. Asian manufacturing growth has also started to slow, particularly in Taiwan, a key exporter of high-tech inputs to China’s export engine. Neighbouring emerging economies could suffer either directly, whereby a reduction in China’s exports to the US means the country needs fewer intermediate goods, or indirectly. In the indirect scenario, a slowdown in the chinese economy reduces its own level of demand for finished goods.
Is a charitable foundation the new private jet? In recent times I have noticed among successful entrepreneurs a reordering of their priorities: once they have done well, they seem to emphasise more than ever how much time and money they give to good causes. Such philanthropy is timely: as public spending is cut across all western nations, so rich individuals must give more to the less fortunate.
The state publisher expects to raise up to Rmb1.8bn ($264m) in an IPO in Shanghai this year and has lined up three lead investors: an e-reader technology company, a film production company and an investment fund.
On the other hand, hyperpowers have also wrought terrible destruction. According to one estimate, the Mongols killed over 15 million in order to establish their world dominant empire. At the same time, because of their unmatched military and economic might, hyperpowers are capable of subjugation, exploitation, and coercion on a massive scale.
Yet in India also, equity ownership is too narrow to create a substantial economic effect. “In the US, there is [a] problem but no panic. In India there's a panic but less of a problem,” says Nilesh Shah, deputy managing director of ICICI Prudential Asset Management, India's second biggest fund manager.
Back in the 1970s, Delos “Toby” Cosgrove, a heart surgeon, was feeling frustrated. At that time, the field of open heart surgery was still in its infancy, and surgeons used a rigid ring to help restore the shape of a heart valve after surgery. Unfortunately, this ring did not work particularly well because it was too rigid to move with the human tissue. And although specialist medical labs and surgeons in operating theatres had sought to develop a better solution, nobody had found one that worked.
The 32 per cent rally this year has made gold one of the world’s best-performing mainstream assets, reflecting concerns among investors over the sustained number of coronavirus cases, particularly in the US, and the impact of trillions of dollars of stimulus from governments and central banks around the world.
But his culpability goes deeper than that. As president and as a candidate, mr trump has routinely blessed acts of violence against people he dislikes. His incitements are now so routine that they are losing the capacity to shock. Whether it was applauding thugs for beating up an illegal immigrant, retweeting memes that showed hillary clinton in the crosshairs, or offering to pay the legal bills of anyone who attacked protesters, he has normalised appeals to violence in everyday politics. He has also created an enabling vocabulary by talking of opponents and the media as “enemies of the people”, praising a congressman who physically assaulted a journalist, and threatening to investigate his critics. The chants of “Lock her up”, referring to Mrs Clinton, are still routine at Mr Trump’s rallies.
Google's entry into everyday language came about remarkably quickly, and required none of the heavy lifting of advertising and promotion on which most consumer products rely.
The company also put an unusually wide price range on its shares, with a value of only $86bn at the midpoint. That is well below the $100bn widely anticipated in the markets and left some investors and analysts questioning whether Facebook’s IPO will live up to the high hopes aroused in the build-up.
According to figures published yesterday by the Association of European Airlines, BA ranked 25th among the 26 airlines that disclosed statistics for the number of delayed bags per 1,000 passengers last year. Only TAP Air Portugal had a worse record. And between October and December of last year BA ranked last.
“Current global trends in energy supply and consumption are patently unsustainable,” the report states.
If Prudential's bid to acquire the Asian arm of AIG fails as a result of institutional hostility, the outcome will be supremely ironic. The Pru is, after all, the historic pioneer of shareholder activism in the UK, with a record of engaging with underperforming companies that goes back to the 1950s.
Moving to the rest of the Touran, there are plenty of other significant changes to consider. Appearance-wise, there is a new VW “family” front grille, revised lighting and front and rear bumpers. The basics of the seven-seater interior remain the same but stylistically things have been sharpened up with new seating and soft trim materials, stainless steel treatment for the dashboard dials and an upgraded list of standard equipment. All models have alloy wheels, air conditioning and cruise control.
Lehman's plan is to carve out a portfolio of loans worth $25bn-$30bn into a separate listed company. The bank will contribute $5bn-$7.5bn of equity to the “bad bank”, to be called real estate Investments, and provide financing for the remaining amount.
“We recognise the role of extensive immunisation as a global public good,” the G20 communique said following the weekend-long meeting.
Japan, which has earthquake recovery expertise, said it was sending two groups of 30 rescue workers to China and they are expected to bring sniffer dogs and heat-sensing equipment.
Japan is likely to join the asian infrastructure investment bank within a few months, according to the country’s ambassador to Beijing, a move that would see Tokyo break ranks with Washington and leave the US as the only big holdout.
After seeing two of their kind swept aside by popular revolutions, Arab leaders are fighting back with a vengeance, with both the Libyan and Bahraini regimes moving forcefully against opposition.
The Chinese A-share market is now the world’s most heavily traded. But it is disconnected from trading in the rest of the planet. It is like a whale, thrashing in a small tub of water.
The index comes as the IMF prepares to hold virtual spring meetings this week, when it will release forecasts showing the deepest contraction for the global economy since the 1930s great depression.
South Korea’s foreign minister yesterday publicly blamed north korea for torpedoing one of its warships, which sank on March 26 with the loss of 46 lives.
The luxury carmaker will name Tobias Moers, who runs the AMG performance arm of Mercedes-Benz, as his replacement in an announcement scheduled for Tuesday.
The growing public animosity towards large silicon valley platform technology companies and their Chinese equivalents
Emmanuel Faber, president of Danone's Asian operations, said the French group had already suspended a number of lawsuits against Wahaha, a Chinese soft-drinks company, and would agree to defer the other lawsuits if Wahaha entered substantive talks to secure the future of the successful joint venture.
And the study from GroupM, the media arm of Sir Martin Sorrell's WPP marketing conglomerate, predicted almost the same growth in 2009, with a 19.5 per cent increase in spending.
For Jack Welch the ethical issue here boils down to the contrast between the greedy, footloose individualism em-bedded in the culture of wall street and the healthy team spirit exemplified by managers inGE’s mainstream businesses. He seems blind to the possibility that others might be shocked that the GE culture was one in which playing fast and loose with the quarterly numbers was regarded as good teamwork.
Yet, this charm offensive coincided with a series of events that cast a different light on the tech industry. The most notable being the revelations, following the justice department indictment of 13 Russians and three companies, of the extent to which Facebook and other tech platforms were used to undermine the 2016 US presidential elections. That came after a 60-year-old taxi driver in new york shot himself in front of City Hall, in despair over the structural shifts in his industry. His suicide prompted new york mayor Bill de Blasio to revive a failed effort to regulate Uber.
He followed up with an inaccurate claim that Google did not feature his State of the Union addresses as prominently as those of Barack Obama, his predecessor. Absurdly, Larry Kudlow, his chief economic adviser and a former host on CNBC, was sent out to turn this into a threat. Mr Kudlow said the administration was “taking a look” at whether Google’s search results should be regulated.
“Residential [property] has become very political,” Zhang Xin, chief executive of Soho China, said during a briefing at the Boao Forum for Asia, held in Hainan province. “It's not a business market anymore. The government is very responsive to the media. If there's one `nail,' the government needs to be seen to be responsive to public demands.”
Alibaba, the $580bn ecommerce company founded by Jack Ma, began making investments in the US in 2013, snapping up stakes in fast-growing start-ups such as Lyft and Snap before they went public.
Demand for the EMBA - an MBA degree for experienced working managers and once the Cinderella of the MBA world - is experiencing increased demand across all geographical regions but is concentrated in the world's most influential cities. Anyone who wants to study in New York, for example, can choose from five programmes ranked in the top 21 in this year's financial times EMBA rankings (see Page 11) - not to mention the Wharton school at the University of Pennsylvania, just an hour away. Four of the top 10 programmes are taught wholly or partly in London. But it is in Asia, and in particular hong kong and China, where the EMBA is really proving its worth. Late on to the scene, Asian business schools have found that managers in the region really do not see the economic logic of giving up their jobs to study on a full-time MBA programme. At Ceibs in Shanghai, for example, where more than 700 managers enrolled on its EMBA programmes this year, demand is buoyant, says Neng Liang, EMBA director.
If there were any doubts of its intentions, CNAH duly bought up 11 per cent of China Eastern's Hong Kong-traded H-shares on the open market.
The country’s official defence budget has increased at a double-digit rate for all but one of the past 23 years, raising concerns about its ambitions among its Asian neighbours and the US. China is expected to unveil another double-digit increase when it releases its defence budget for 2012 in the coming weeks.
Consultants and industry executives believe the fall of the 41-year-old regime of Muammar Gaddafi could see Libya producing 300,000 b/d during the next three months from fields in the east, which have been under rebel control since the start of the civil war, and the remote south-west desert. But ramping up output to pre-crisis levels would take years under the most benign scenario.
The success of a book can sometimes tell you as much about the times as about the book itself. That may be the case with Why Nations Fail, which was published last year to great acclaim from reviewers and prize juries, and even compared to Adam Smith’s Wealth of Nations.
Next year Minsheng will pay at least a further $115m to raise its stake to 9.9 per cent
In the worst case to date, nine chinese workers and 65 Ethiopians were killed in April when guerrillas attacked an oil installation near the Somali border.
“China is set to enhance exploration efforts, build gas reserves and increase natural imports to meet the goal,” said Wu Yin, deputy head of the NEA, earlier this year. “The 4 per cent level is low compared with the 24.1 per cent average globally.”
But the proposal involves no new public money for the moment and will aim to use the remaining $350bn in the troubled asset relief programme agreed in October, together with an extension of loans from the federal reserve to finance up to $1,000bn in new consumer and business borrowing.
Also ignore those who say your problem is working in the City. Your job may be a cause, or it may not be. Only you can know. There are lots of depressed people in the City – therapists say business is up by a third in a year. This might be because the work is more stressful, or it might be because City people are becoming less reluctant to get help.
welcomed the election of a man he appears to see as a kindred spirit — and as having the potential to patch up relations that have frayed amid US criticism of his bloody war on drugs. Mr Duterte, who has called president barack obama a “son of a bitch” and told him to “go to hell”, noted that he and mr trump were “both making curses. Even with trivial matters we curse”. He also said he hoped he could now stop arguing with Washington, whose longstanding security alliance with Manila is crucial to the us military presence in Asia’s seas. Mr Duterte has attacked Washington frequently, announcing a “separation” from the US and claiming it has treated the Philippines like a dog tied to a post. There may yet be obstacles between the two new leaders, however: mr trump last month said Mr Duterte’s pledge to expel us troops from the Philippines showed "a lack of respect for our country”.
The courses taught last from four to 18 months and usually entail three-hour evening classes twice weekly that cater to working professionals.
Such a sharp cut in business taxes would take Britain close to the 12.5 corporation tax rate in Ireland and would anger EU finance ministers who fear a race to the bottom. The move could also alienate voters, given recent controversies over tax deals struck with multinationals such as Google.
China’s stock market has almost completed its correction after a bubble formed in the first half of the year, according to remarks to G20 finance ministers by Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of China’s central bank.
Like other multinationals doing business in China, Microsoft cannot ignore that message.
Tensions on the peninsula are at their highest for a decade after Pyongyang riled the united nations by firing a long-range rocket over Japan, expelling nuclear inspectors and vowing to restart a reactor that makes weapons-grade plutonium.
It has withstood by the implosion of BSI in Singapore, the private banking operation found culpable of anti money laundering failings, and the continuing problem that Asia has the some of the lowest private banking margins in the world — a factor in the withdrawal of some banks from the region.
China's increasing dependence on the rest of the world make its industry more susceptible to policy shifts abroad. But, for now, domestic chinese forces are likely to play a the largest role in the industry's development.
Nations are turning inward as they try to cope with the coronavirus pandemic, closing borders and imposing drastic executive measures in a retreat that risks leaving every country fending for itself. However, we can contain and counter Covid-19 more effectively by knocking down the barriers that hinder knowledge exchange and co-operation.
Soaring government debt levels threaten to make investors reassess European sovereign risk and could “reignite pressures” on more vulnerable countries in the region, the european central bank has warned.
Being forced to deploy such cloak-and-dagger tactics was something of a novelty for the likes of Mr Fu, whose office is a branch of the national umbrella body, the country's sole legal trade union.
The nearly 100,000 north koreans working offshore, mostly in China and Russia, have provided a vital source of cash for Kim Jong Un’s regime. According to us government estimates, Pyongyang has netted $500m annually in taxes from the workers.
emerging market currencies, excepting the Chinese renminbi, have given up all their gains since 2002, which marked the start of the commodities upturn, raising the question of whether the strong performance of developing economies during 2002-13 was all about commodities after all.
Few believe the 71- year old former broker committed the decades- long &ldquo Ponzi'' scheme on his own, in spite of his repeated assertions that he acted alone.
Shell's decision could create an opportunity for BP, which has talked about its ambitions for expansion in China.
The infusion, which came during the height of the financial crisis, was critical for assuring investors about the bank’s sustainability following the collapse of Lehman Brothers and weekend sale of merrill lynch to Bank of America.
Pyongyang’s decision to release the three us citizens was the latest in a series of unprompted concessions that pave the way for the first meeting between a us president and a North Korean leader. That summit is expected to take place in the coming weeks.
No country or sector is immune but confidence has slumped sharply in France and Ireland, while Italian service companies remain a little more optimistic.
Markets responded violently on Thursday to Donald Trump’s
Lufax, which is part of Ping An, one of the world’s biggest insurers by market value, had been aiming to file for an initial public offering in hong kong earlier this year, according to bankers briefed on the process. The latest postponement follows an attempted listing in 2017 that was likewise thwarted by Beijing’s probes into online lenders.
Given Bruni's sartorial history and current mode of self-presentation – which veers between self-aware seductress and sensitive torch singer – some further deductions can be made. It's unlikely that the dress was a meringue-type thing. Possessed of a lithe, cat-like body, Bruni tends to stay sartorially close to the skin, at least if her appearance at the side of former boyfriend Mick Jagger is anything to go by. She's never shown a tendency to portray herself as a virginal fairy-tale sort, anyway  quite the opposite. She's the kind of person, at least in her presentation, who is the author of her own story, not merely an actor in it. By the same token, you wouldn't expect her to do something obviously contradictory, and go all red or black. The symbolism is far too Euro-Disney.
There is also the same fragmentation of television audiences that is affecting the rest of traditional television.
Traditionally, spying is akin to spearfishing  specific information is sought, individuals acting for particular organisations are targeted. But US espionage has gone industrial: an ever-wider net is cast over whole populations in the expectation that something will found. In Germany, a country of 80m people, 15m to 60m separate communications connections are scanned every day by the us national security agency – evoking invidious (and unfair) comparisons with the East German experience of life under Stasi surveillance.
“A lot of people are going to be coming here, knocking on the door,” said a senior official at an international organisation in Beijing.
So good, the Chinese did it twice. This week, regulators gave the go-ahead for Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The scheme, which mirrors one set up for Shanghai in late 2014, will allow overseas investors to buy A shares listed on China’s Shenzhen exchange. Both systems also permit mainland-based investors to buy shares listed in Hong Kong. After the announcement the indices remained flat, but the scheme is still significant.
But there is a subtle catch. For although China's Master Agreement carries the all-important ISDA tag, it is actually eminot/i/em identical to the document being used by traders in new york or London. Instead, Beijing has developed its own Chinese-language version – adapted to accommodate the vagaries of local law.
Exchange data show hedge funds and other large speculators have accumulated a record-breaking number of North Sea Brent futures and options contracts equal to almost 265m barrels of oil — the equivalent of almost three days of global oil demand.
“We expect consumption growth to ease further this year but to continue to outpace investment and be a key driver of economic growth,” says Tianjie He, an analyst at Oxford Economics in Hong Kong. “Concerns about China’s consumers are largely overdone”.
Throughout the developed world, productivity growth has been remarkably weak. Even though we are faced daily with new technological gizmos, growth in output per hour has been dismal. Admittedly, some countries have done better than others. Between 2007 and 2014 — the latest year for which comparable data are available — output per hour rose over 7 per cent across the us economy while in the UK it was broadly unchanged and in Italy it actually fell 2 per cent.
Government data yesterday showed that Japan’s gross domestic product shrank an annualised 3.5 per cent in the three months to September, as the country joined Italy and Spain in recession. The government also revised down its GDP estimate for the quarter, saying the economy shrank an annualised 0.1 per cent.
A demonstration against a planned waste incineration plant by thousands of residents near China’s scenic city of Hangzhou turned violent on Saturday, with police vehicles set on fire and injured protesters taken to hospital.
Mr Mnuchin said the US “could consider” a change to its dollar policy “in the future” but there was no change at present.
mobile phone prices for tens of millions of UK customers would be frozen for five years as part of a £5bn investment drive by Li Ka-shing’s CK Hutchison to win over competition watchdogs to its £10.5bn acquisition of O2.
A regulation passed in March by the State Council, China’s cabinet, mandates that foreign scientists and foreign-invested institutions in China must seek government approval before scientific data can be transferred abroad or to foreign parties within its borders.
The headlines trumpet that China’s economic growth in the second quarter of this year was the lowest in almost three decades. They are correct. The 6.2 per cent year-on-year expansion represents China’s lowest growth rate since 1990, a year in which economic activity was clobbered by the security crackdown that followed the 1989 tiananmen square protests. But saying this should not prompt hasty conclusions.
They say the case was engineered to punish Mr Khodorkovsky for his political activities and seize his strategically important oil empire – since gobbled up by Rosneft, the state-controlled oil group chaired by Igor Sechin, a powerful Putin ally. Russia has denied this.
There has already been circumstantial evidence of such a response in recent months, with chinese imports of some US food, cars and pet food delayed at customs for more stringent inspections.
Singapore's economic growth slowed in the fourth quarter of 2007 and the government warned that 2008 was unlikely to match last year's 7.5 per cent expansion.
Barely two months after Apple admitted it was storing users’ data online in mainland China, reports emerged that hackers have tried breaking into its iCloud data.
The chief executive of BAE Systems, Europe's largest defence company, resigned unexpectedly yesterday, just months after saying he wanted to head the company for five more years.
Meanwhile prices, both to rent and to buy, have soared, returning to levels last seen in the late 1990s, just before the asian financial crisis. A recent report from Savills rated the city as far and away the world’s most expensive for housing executives from global businesses due to the “weight of money pushing into the city, and physical pressure” on limited land.
Defenders of the bail-out argue that these institutions are too big to be allowed to fail. If that is the case, the government had a responsibility to regulate them so that they would not fail. No insurance company would provide fire insurance without demanding adequate sprinklers  none would leave it to “self-regulation”. But that is what we have done with the financial system.
The uk government took state control of the ailing carmaker, employing 180,000 and supplying 35 per cent of Britain's cars, in 1975. After &pound 3.4bn (today worth &pound 11.2bn) was injected in 13 years of state ownership, the shrunken, still-struggling successor Rover Group went bankrupt in 2005, ending mass production by UK-owned carmakers. Today, only 30,000 UK jobs survive in onetime Leyland businesses.
The common framework is intended to lead to a new age of transparency and harmony of term-setting among multilateral institutions such as the IMF and the World Bank, official lenders such as export guarantee agencies, and private lenders, including banks and bondholders. The intention is to put an end to the queue jumping and secretive side dealing that always bedevils negotiations between problem sovereign borrowers and their international creditors.
Indeed, fortuitously for investors in vehicles tracking the MSCI EM benchmark, China, Taiwan and south korea were the three best-performing index constituents in the first half, with the latter two only slipping 1.7 per cent and 7.8 per cent respectively. The overall index fell 10.2 per cent, with India tumbling 16.7 per cent, Russia 23.3 per cent and Brazil 37.3 per cent.
Facing a sharp slowdown in the economy, Beijing has announced a series of aggressive policy steps, including a large fiscal stimulus plan and deep cuts in interest rates in the hope of meeting its target of 8 per cent growth for this year.
Towards the end of last year, I asked a man who works closely with business schools how he would characterise their attitude over the past year. He responded instantly: as a bunch of ostriches with their heads in the sand. He then paused for a moment, and then added: &ldquo With a herd of buffalo heading towards them.&rdquo
The sector's growing potential increases pressure on Beijing to implement long-awaited rules allowing foreign banks to issue cards, in keeping with its world trade organisation accession commitment to provide “national treatment” by the end of 2006.
Will the cure for autism be discovered in China? A decade ago this would have been a preposterous question. But today people such as Wang Jian, a genetic researcher with a liking for cargo pants, believe the answer could be yes.
The value of announced M&A in the quarter was $652bn, down 40 per cent from the same period last year. It was the least active first quarter since 2004, according to preliminary figures from Dealogic.
Boeing said it will provide financial information regarding the production halt when it releases quarterly earnings next month.
The doctor's battle in emiAn Enemy of the People/em to reveal the truth has striking parallels with efforts by reformers in China to force the authorities to be more open about the damage to the environment resulting from the pursuit of high-speed growth.
Alan Greenspan, the former federal reserve chairman, has attacked the Dodd-Frank financial reforms warning they could create the “largest regulatory-induced market distortion” in the US since the imposition of wage and price controls in 1971.
But many strategists warn that while central banks and governments have taken the sting out of market disruption with their interventions, more problems may lie ahead.
Economists now expect the bloc’s economy to shrink 2.3 per cent in the fourth quarter, while the Bank of England is expected to forecast later this week that the UK will at best barely grow in the final three months of 2020.
Until recently, the notion of anyone reinsuring Equitas would have been unthinkable.
The communication revolution and cheaper transport has had a profound effect on the kind of international network that can be created between partner institutions, says MacGregor. In the past, organisations such as the British Council, the cultural body, were indispensable in helping British culture talk to the world, and vice versa. But even that had a political dimension, as shown by the recent diplomatic spat involving the Russian government's forced closure of two British Council offices.
The package of agreed measures puts the EU and the US on a path to recognise each other’s rules as essentially the same, so that they can rely on the relevant domestic authorities to apply and enforce them.
The comments by Gary Cohn, Goldman’s most senior executive after chairman and chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, come as banks around the world, emboldened by recovering profits and surging markets, intensify their efforts to shape financial regulation.
Introduced in China by the Minute Maid unit of the US beverages group and then rolled out across Asia and Latin America, it is now set for launch in other regions, including eastern Europe.
Spain's Telefónica is to acquire an 8 per cent stake in PCCW for �23m ($415m) while Li Ka-shing, Asia's richest man, is to buy a 12 per cent stake for HK$4.85bn ($622m), it was announced yesterday.
Following a meeting with russian president Vladimir Putin, the two leaders announced deals to build Russian-designed Kamov helicopters in India and for the location of a new nuclear power plant to be built by Russian state nuclear company Rosatom.
China offers global asset managers the prospect of a lucrative stream of profits if they can outflank their rivals in the race to build mainland investment businesses with scale.
In their paper (you can find the web address at www.ft.com/skapinker), the academics concluded either that the gym members were making “time-inconsistent choices” or that they had “limited cognitive abilities”.
Strategies for ethical AI are not new, but the European Commission’s document is noteworthy. It draws on a wide array of experts and is grounded in the idea that AI should both respect rights and be robust enough to avoid unintentional harm.
Analysts polled by Bloomberg expect the dollar to strengthen in the long run, but the median forecast for 2015 has fallen 4 per cent since early June.
Hotpot, stolid fare in the UK, is an interactive food phenomenon in China. Hotpot restaurants there combine sociable feasting with customer participation. Diners can hand pick every ingredient, down to the number of clams in the boiling soup that cooks them. Customised sauces and salad bar are included. Rising profits from China’s largest chain, Haidilao, are the sweet desserts for investors. In future, robots may dish these up.
A dramatic rise in the flows of goods, capital and people between the oil-rich Gulf and the fast-developing nations of Asia began around the dawn of the new century that may go on to reshape the world economy. We first explored this prospect in these pages last summer (a href="http://global.factiva.com/ha/default.aspx" target= blank/aThe need for reform along the new Silk Road, July 4 2006). Since then traffic along what we called “the new Silk Road” – the reincarnation of what had been the world's dominant trade route during the Middle Ages – has reached a new level of intensity.
In an address to parliament, Bashar al-Assad said he would continue to crack down on the revolt, adding that his regime had nothing to do with the “abomin-able” killing of 108 people, almost half children under 10, in the central Syrian district of Houla.
When Mr Vahland took up the post in 2005, the China business was facing problems across all its operations. Many of the company's models looked old and its two joint ventures were talking from different scripts. Shortly after he arrived, the Shanghai joint venture announced a 14 per cent price cut: on the same day, the VW joint venture in northern china criticised the move as “irrational”.
After falling more than any other leading Asian equity index in 2010, the shanghai composite has jumped almost 9 per cent this year – making it the region’s best performer.
co-ordinated currency interventions that weakened the dollar, particularly against the yen. (Less helpfully, it also whipped up the Japanese asset bubble.) This time the aim would be to strengthen China’s renminbi. The purported deal is for Beijing to agree to a faster rate of appreciation in return for a less expansionist monetary policy from Washington.
&ldquo We are serving 3&frac12 bn people today . . . and I am confident we can reach at least another 1bn or more in the decade ahead.
At the other end of the market, smaller companies post even more dramatic performances. Last month Dining Concepts — market cap $61m — leapt 1,700 per cent on its trading debut. The suspicion is that some investors were betting the restaurant franchise operator would at some point become a cash shell — in other words a valuable vehicle for a mainland company to use for a reverse merger to avoid the work involved in a full IPO.
In an interview with the FT last year, Aguinaldo Jaime, the country's deputy prime minister, stressed that China was one of many partners.
Not rich coalition. Clinch too anti-Rio. The anagrams were always the best thing about Rio Tinto/Chinalco, the unloved asset swap officially junked yesterday. A distinctly superior construction will take its place.
Under the terms of the deal struck last October, Citic agreed to pay $1bn for securities that would convert to about 6 per cent of Bear Stearns and the us investment bank would eventually pay the same amount for about 2 per cent of Citic.
In a trading update, the bank, the world's second largest by market value, said it had set aside $3.4bn for bad debts in its us consumer finance business as problems in the subprime mortgage market spilled over into its consumer lending arm.
Rafael Danés Soler, a London and Barcelona-based Mallorquino, says the improved link has dramatically changed perceptions of distance among islanders. “It cut the trip from about 40 minutes to 25 minutes,” he says. “But for locals that is the difference between a Sunday drive and a daily commute.”
Denmark’s Maersk Line, a unit of AP Møller-Maersk, Swiss-based Mediterranean Shipping Company and CMA CGM of France – the number one, two and three in the industry by capacity – have agreed to pool 252 vessels on three routes: Asia-Europe, transpacific and transatlantic.
German officials acknowledged that Beijing's stance showed that the chinese leadership remains deeply angry with angela merkel over her meeting in September in Berlin with the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan spiritual leader, and with what Beijing sees as a broader toughening of the chancellor's stance towards China.
Mr Swensen justified his conclusion by pointing out that both stock picking and market timing are necessarily zero sum activities: one investor’s gain is necessarily another’s loss. In truth, all secondary market trade is zero sum: only investment activity that improves the return on the underlying assets can benefit savers taken as a whole.
BoC said it would buy a 14.5 per cent stake in a railway operator that will build a line to transport coal from inland Shanxi province to shandong province on the eastern seaboard.
Like Fannie and Freddie, the FHLBs have no formal state guarantees but the market believes the us government would step in if the system got into trouble, allowing the FHLBs to raise funds at very low rates against an AAA credit rating, despite being very highly leveraged.
But if sterling were to succumb to future upheavals in the currency markets, the result would be higher inflation, higher interest rates and lower living standards. How likely is this and what can British business do to limit the impact?
For commercial life to function at all, there has to be a general assumption of trust – that partners, staff, suppliers, customers and the authorities will do the right thing by each other. It is impossible to verify every transaction, and check each task: delegation is essential for all operations of scale. Those who are suspicious of everyone have to limit their ambitions, because they assume deceit is endemic. Such a pessimistic approach is a sorry and unprofitable state of human affairs. As Samuel Johnson said: “It is . . . happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.”
Even after last week's rally, emerging equities have fallen 60 per cent since peaking in October last year, the currencies of the many developing economies have been battered, and bond spreads have widened dramatically.
Tourist numbers in the three months from April to July were up 21.1 per cent compared with the same period a year ago, according to the Japan Tourism Agency. Tourist spending during the period rose 13 per cent year-on-year to a record ¥1.8tn ($15.8bn).
The founders of the company will retain a higher stake in Gland but Fosun will still take control over the group, which produces anti-coagulants, anaesthetics and other injectable medicines, mainly for export to the US.
Loretta Lynch, the US attorney-general, said bribes were paid to influence the award of the 2010 world cup to South Africa, the 2011 Fifa presidential election and in a deal involving sponsorship of Brazil’s national football team.
Look what happened to Barbra Striesand. All those decades ago, when she made emiFunny Girl/em, she may have been a moderately reasonable person.
The HR director for globalisation is destined for disappointment: this position will remain unfilled for the foreseeable future. donald trump has turned the US from the anchor of the world economy to its wrecking ball in record time. But the only two possible contenders big enough to take over are China and the EU, and each fails one of the job specifications. The former, whatever speeches president xi jinping gives at Davos, is bent on establishing its dominance in a range of low- and high-tech fields by almost any means necessary, breaking rules it deems inconvenient and, more importantly, preventing new international regulations emerging to stop it.
Some industry analysts believe that China could become one of the main driving forces behind the development of alternative energy vehicles, because the country does yet not have the expensive gasoline infrastructure more developed economies have built up.
He charged that Syria and Iran, the main backers of Hizbollah, “are not to be considered absent from what’s happening in the country”.
For a tangible equivalent, non-gamers can think of the razor and blades model, where companies sell the razor cheaply but charge proportionately much more for the blades. Tencent does something similar. Games may be free, but downloadable content — DLC for those in the know — is pricey.
“Across all channels there is a significant difference between the performance of the best banks which show near excellent service and the rest of the pack,” he said.
The number of companies reporting concerns about cyber security to us regulators has more than doubled in the past two years, analysis of official filings shows.
It is easy to find bankers sighing about Chinese technology, media and telecoms deals these days. Since July, when the us securities and exchange commission began an investigation into New Oriental Education and Technology Group, a New York-listed company that runs language schools in China, investors have been reluctant to touch Chinese TMT initial public offerings – a traditional driver of deals in the sector.
He has co-founded 12 companies, all in Cambridge and all dealing with computers and communications. Most are successful. Financially, he has done well but not spectacularly so: “I've made a bit of money but not a huge amount,” he says. “In pure rottweiller capitalist terms you have to sell and move on and I tend not to do that sufficiently”.
Richard Gere is hovering in the corridor at Claridge’s outside the room where I’ve been waiting. I get up to say hello, but with a small flick of the hand he holds me back. “I need to clear my palate between interviews,” he says.
If petrol prices continue to rise, analysts expect demand to fall further, leaving refiners with oversupply. According to Mr Mulva, some refiners have already stopped “some runs” because they judge the market to have excess supply.
The spa, about 70 miles south of Siena, has a long-held reputation as a place where precious natural materials are used in the pursuit of beauty and wellness – the Etruscans and, after them, the ancient Romans sought out these natural baths for their health-giving waters. But this month, this Tuscan resort has added a new line in pampering: a treatment in which the entire body is covered with 24-carat gold.
Fewer people will mark the anniversary than might otherwise have done. In the cruel calculus of catastrophes, 11 fatalities barely register against more than 130,000 worldwide from coronavirus.
“We have 10 companies with 1bn users and five with 5bn or some insane numbers,” said David Feinberg. “We would love to be one of those where we can say we saved billions of years of life this year.”
The answer, therefore, must be fiscal. India, China and others in the region need to raise taxes and cut spending. This would curtail demand and, ultimately, price pressures. Yet Asia’s governments are heading in the opposite direction, running sizeable fiscal deficits. hong kong and Singapore are rare exceptions.
“I think that to go away from your core business, which is what they are doing, somebody will need to step in . . . somebody will need to take that responsibility,” Mr Casimiro told the financial times Commodities Global Summit.
It is a slowdown, Jim, but not as the rest of the world would know it. Growth in China's galloping economy is set to decelerate slightly next year, with the international monetary fund and World Bank pencilling in rates of 10 and 10.8 per cent respectively. Put another way, on IMF estimates China will still generate almost $40bn more incremental dollars of output than the US in 2008.
Certainly, China is hardly alone in taking such actions. The US and european union are among jurisdictions that have used the lure of access to their vast consumer markets to impose conditions on outside companies. US groups including General Electric and Microsoft can testify to several bruising battles with EU competition authorities.
This “slowdown”, which has been driven by the US and China, is well within the normal range of monthly fluctuations in the global nowcast, and it may be nothing more than a temporary blip. There are some legitimate reasons for concern about the slowdown in China, which seems to be connected to tighter credit polices. Fortunately, however, the chinese economy seems in better shape to absorb this tightening than it was in 2013-15.
Shell yesterday declined to comment on the memo, which was circulated to staff to explain plans to cut costs through a restructuring of its three main Nigerian exploration and production businesses. The memo warned job losses were inevitable and that SPDC was likely to face a &ldquo much-reduced&rdquo  budget for 2008 and possibly beyond.
The missile came from protesters objecting to creeping gentrification caused by highly paid tech workers, who have pushed up rents and home prices in the city’s Mission district and surrounding areas. What better target than the fleets of WiFi-equipped company-owned buses that ferry workers down the peninsula below san francisco to the headquarters of businesses such as Google, Facebook and Apple?
Xing, which is listed in Frankfurt, reported third-quarter revenue growth of 86 per cent to &#8364 9.18m ($11.66m), most of which comes from its 500,000 paying members.
“Leaders can learn to tell the truth, to admit what they don't know and to admit mistakes,” says Jeffrey Pfeffer, professor of organisational learning at Stanford's Graduate School of Business. “They can also learn to be less controlling. People want to make decisions at work and have some control and responsibility, just as they do in other spheres of their lives.”
The building of the John F Kennedy Library & Museum in Boston (dedicated in 1979) turned into a bitter tangle of local opposition and cost-cutting. The John Hancock Tower (1976), in the same city, stood for a period as a troubled mosaic of chipboard and glass as window panes were boarded up to stop them falling on passers-by. Most famously, the Louvre pyramids (1988) drew a cry of anguish from a conservative Paris as an American tampered with the city's sacred landmark.
Bonhams' sale of dog-themed paintings, decor and memorabilia raised close to $1m. The star of the sale, ringing up $101,059, was the 1893 oil painting “Setters” by Thomas Blinks, who exhibited at London's Royal Academy. “Buyers were from Hong Kong, Britain and Austria as well as here,” says Fausel.
Carlyle had agreed to pay $375m for an 85 per cent stake, making it the largest ever announced private equity deal in China at the time. However, the deal quickly became a litmus test of China's attitude to foreign investment, and central government ministries found themselves under pressure to block what nationalists derided as the sale of strategic assets at knock-down prices.
Above all, though, Jean Cassou treasured freedom of thought. business leaders always run the risk of gbecoming isolated and succumbing to flattery. A company where questioning the boss with constructive arguments is frowned upon stands on dangerous ground.
China's desire to increase energy efficiency and reduce pollution and carbon emissions is also providing lucrative opportunities for British companies. Investment in renewable energy increased 91 per cent in 2007 to &pound 6.1bn, with most going into mini-hydroelectric generation, solar water heating and wind power.
There are people who will never change. I knew that this guy might continue what he had started when he was out of prison. I was right – he raped a woman and was convicted again. Meanwhile, I decided to develop a self-defence system that might help women escape people like him.
“This is the first time the UK has systematically and persistently degraded an adversary’s online efforts as part of a wider military campaign,” he said, in a speech to the CyberUK conference in Manchester.
theresa may has kicked off her search for an industrial strategy by focusing on the productivity gap between London and the rest of the UK, in effect discarding George Osborne’s emphasis on the “Northern Powerhouse”.
Some of his sub-editors might have winced at the cliché, but when Sam Zell blamed “a perfect storm” of factors behind the Tribune Company's bankruptcy filing, the Chicago investor's words resonated around newsrooms in the US.
The malaise gripping the european union as it approaches its 50th birthday this week is highlighted in a new poll which shows that 44 per cent of citizens think life has got worse since their country joined the club.
mitt romney sought to refocus his presidential bid on his economic policies as aides tried to persuade anxious Republicans not to panic against the backdrop of disappointing polling data and reports of infighting among his campaign staff.
The Bank of Thailand is beginning to get it. The announcement of Wednesday’s surprise 25-basis point rate rise to 2 per cent, the third since July, contained a recognition that an “extra-accommodative monetary policy stance” – a negative real rate of 1 per cent – was at odds with strong fundamentals. Others are still dallying on the exit threshold. Indonesia, for example, has kept its base rate steady since August 2009, apparently worrying more about tempting capital inflows through higher rates than about fostering inflation. It shouldn’t.
If you are into fine dining, then hotels are the best bet with their sumptuous buffet spreads. For instance, the Courtyard at Fullerton Hotel serves an Indian curry buffet featuring north Indian curries, and a Japanese buffet of authentic specialities including fresh sashimi for lunch.
The holiday season in the west may be over but for the Chinese film industry party time has begun.
Xiaodu Liu, a partner at Urbanus, believes the structure is well suited to low-income families, particularly migrant workers. First, the units that run around the perimeter can be designed to be extremely small and therefore rented at the lowest possible rates. This form of high-density housing can also be built on small plots of land.
The rules allow only higher-paid Hong Kong-based drivers to cross the border and force drivers always to take the same truck both ways on a trip. The operators' association estimates the rules impose an extra $100 cost for every 40ft container moved from the mainland via hong kong compared with Shenzhen ports.
While the higher-than-projected PMI figure will be welcomed by Chinese leaders, they must balance a return to normal economic activity against the possibility of new outbreaks as workers return to their factories and offices.
An important group of economic actors have enjoyed undeserved impunity since the global financial crisis. I do not mean investment bankers, who will no doubt face revived opprobrium when the 10th anniversary of Lehman Brothers’ collapse is marked next month. I mean the central bankers, whose timidity since 2008 has been every bit as costly.
mario draghi fuelled a sharp sell-off in eurozone bonds yesterday, after the european central bank president said debt markets had to “get used” to volatility in an era of ultra-low interest rates.
With Europe imploding and the US stagnating, one of the big concerns is whether emerging economies will continue to drive global growth as they have in recent years. Much depends on China. Thus there is constant focus on the risks facing it. Three areas stand out: avoiding a hard-landing  rebalancing the economy  and China’s institutional shortfalls.
Mr Scott admits that it is possible he might not have survived in a fully public company. He says: “I think that is a fair question, and I don't know the answer to it . . . I think there is a strength in having a family ownership that demands that management do the right thing for the long term.”
Dozens of new laboratories are being fitted out and hundreds of scientists recruited. The California Institute of Regenerative Medicine &ndash  set up in 2004, when a referendum ap- proved $3bn of state spending on the research &ndash  is moving ahead after delays caused by legal challenges and uncertainties over selling the state bonds that will fund it. About $1bn (&euro 700m, &pound 600m) has been committed in research grants and spending on labs and other infrastructure, according to Alan Trounson, CIRM president.
But mr greenspan said that his successors at the Fed – who meet tomorrow to set interest rates – would have to be careful not to ease rates too aggressively, because the risk of an “inflationary resurgence” was greater now than when he was Fed chief.
For the wider market and economy, this is a big deal. The Faangs account for about one-eighth of the S&P 500 index’s total value but, says Bespoke Investment, they have provided half the market’s growth this year. Buying into them has been the most popular trade among money managers for months — forcing passive funds to do likewise as their weighting in the index has increased. Some funds are rueing tech punts they chose or had to take.
Dmitry Medvedev has proposed far-reaching political reforms in an effort to undermine anti-Kremlin protests due to resume in Moscow on Saturday.
Spanish clubs and the value of their exclusive TV rights helped put Real Madrid and Barcelona at the top of football’s global revenue league, according to a Deloitte survey published yesterday.
As monetary conditions grow tighter, the squeeze on a large number of shaky LGFVs will tighten, adding to government pressure for a consolidation in the sector. A glance at the financial weaknesses among 1,445 LGFVs to have issued bonds hints at the scale of the looming shakeout.
Gaia Repossi, 29, is in the lounge of the Chiltern Firehouse, London, describing her decision to sell a minority share of Repossi, the fine jewellery business founded by her great-grandfather in 1920, to the luxury conglomerate LVMH. Speaking in a whisper, just audible over the plinky piano jazz of the hotel’s sound system and no match for the waitress who has grudgingly accepted her order for green tea and the hotel’s enigmatic snack of “carrot blunts”, she cuts a diminutive figure. Dressed in a wardrobe that rotates Cos, Céline, louis vuitton and Loewe, with razor-sharp cheekbones and a particularly European type of raw, hollow-eyed beauty, she’s an arresting if subtle presence. It’s a compelling package: she’s built a career on the quiet statement that reverberates loudly.
The reason is growing fears about slowing world growth – especially in China, their biggest customer. Rio Tinto, trumpeting its long-term prospects, believes China, post-Olympics, will boost commodity consumption as pollution-wreaking factories are turned back on. Further out, prospects are murkier. China has the resources to cushion any growth slowdown, with huge current account and fiscal surpluses. But what might it spend that money on? A tough question - although to maintain the “harmonious society”, a boost in consumption relative to investment is likely. That might boost some commodity prices, like foods  less so the metals that Rio Tinto and BHP produce.
the White House of Steve Bannon, one of China’s
Lu Fanxi, former president of peer-generated content at Youku Tudou, was famous for producing popular content including Little Apple, a much played but critically panned hit.
fund managers in China have been warned to watch what they say about the country's stock market, in the latest manifestation of a pre-Olympic chinese government crackdown on everything from Beijing weather to suspected terrorists.
Carrefour, Europe’s largest retailer, took a decisive step towards exiting China on Sunday as it sold the majority of its struggling business in the country.
China’s top bike-sharing companies are taking their rivalry to London after local supplier Ofo revealed plans to roll out a smart bike service this week in the UK to compete with rival Mobike.
Sensible stuff. Building up a buffer against bad loans while lending and profits are growing &ndash  remarkably, they still are in China &ndash  is a good move. Non-performing loans are at about 2.5 per cent compared with more than 15 per cent earlier in the decade when the sector was restructured. At the end of last year, regulators ratcheted up the provisioning level to 130 per cent of bad loans  now, reports suggest, that has been lifted to 150 per cent. Do the sums, and that implies 3.75 per cent of all loans are at least fully covered. Some bulls go even further. Because about half of all lending is fully collateralised, losses should only be expected on the other half. That doubles the effective level of provisioning again. Given that a slew of lending is to government-sponsored projects, Chinese loan books are well protected.
The EU wants to seal an investment deal with Beijing by next year as it tries to broker a more coherent approach to China to curb growing internal divisions within the bloc.
The complication is that national financial systems are part of a larger global network. While there is a process of collaboration to bridge the problem of local regulators dealing with global banks, many countries are approaching bigger-picture reforms from different directions and at different speeds. In the process, a central lesson of this crisis is being forgotten: that co-ordination works better than unilateralism.
Qantas revealed last week that it had received a “confidential and incomplete” approach from Macquarie, the Australian bank, and TPG, the us private equity group.
But a large portion of the differences seems due to simply superior decisions about funds to invest in, and which relationships to terminate.
“Brazil’s young democracy is being subjected to a coup,”
us regulators will share more detailed information on short-selling activity with the public as they move to boost transparency of the trading that was blamed for fuelling market turmoil during the financial crisis.
Modern Hong Kong's borders, by comparison, are well sealed. In 1980, the colony ended its so-called “home base” policy, whereby residency was granted to anyone who evaded Mao's border guards and made it to Hong Kong's urban areas – sometimes after swimming through shark-infested waters. In its place, a strict annual quota system was adopted.
The willingness of tech companies to contemplate greater leverage reflects a historic shift in capital structure, whatever the shorter-term cycles in the economy or the financial markets. Some companies that once believed they needed big financial cushions have become willing to increase financial risk to increase shareholder returns or make acquisitions.
The group, which has said it would consider other disposals and prepare for the flotation of part of its German business, has also reduced the cash element in the 2012 dividend in an effort to head off further credit downgrades after Standard & Poor’s cut its rating last month.
mario draghi has secured unanimous support from the european central Bank’s governing council to inject €1tn to rescue the eurozone economy from stagnation, seeking to dispel concerns of divisions within the bank.
Tim Harford is the author of ''The Logic of Life''.
But the mood is not entirely grim. A weepy session on relationships (only children are more likely to change partners through divorce or separation than those with siblings, according to the latest findings from the National Child Development Study) ends with a loud and crackly broadcast of “I Am the One and Only”, the horrible 1991 hit by teen singer Chesney Hawkes. When a Sunday morning walk along the shore gets overwhelmingly blustery, one participant, stung into mordant humour by all the doom and gloom, predicts a headline in the local paper: “Only Children Swept Out to Sea. No One Mourns.”
From a fiscal perspective, a few vital statistics underline the problems. First, while short-term federal deficits are coming down, they are still too high given the impending retirement of the "baby boomers" and the fact that the cost of the global war on terrorism accounts for just a fraction of US operating deficits. In fiscal 2006 the war cost was about $100bn compared with a total operating deficit of about $434bn.
China Mobile, Softbank and Vodafone will establish their innovation laboratory this summer. “The three companies expect the initiative will help accelerate the commercial deployment of mobile internet services,” they said in a statement.
New regulatory approaches will play a big role, above all through heavier capital requirements and by requiring more appropriate pricing of credit provided to non-bank financial entities. But there will be critical need also for action to ensure more effective discharge of their obligations by boards. Much comment has focused on incentive structures for senior executive teams. But important as these are, they also need to be seen alongside board responsibilities as a whole, above all those related to risks.
Based on the minimum wage, each would have taken home 25,300 pesos a month when Ben Bernanke announced the first round of quantitative easing in November 2008.
A joint statement, issued after European and us officials met in Slovenia, pledged to achieve, as soon as possible, permit-free travel for EU citizens travelling to the US.
Claire Babineaux-Fontenot grew up with an extraordinary 107 siblings (foster, adoptive and biological). That taught her a lot about the long-term impacts of food shortages on children.
In truth, the market is likely to do more to curb and condition big bonuses than government regulation. "Things will change," says a trader who worked at Bear Stearns. "That doesn't necessarily mean you won't get the best and the brightest. It just creates more competition for fewer spots."
The former fed chairman William McChesney Martin's famous line that the role of the central bank is to “take away the punch bowl just as the party is getting good” has lost its whimsy. These governance reforms would unambiguously communicate to boards and directors their new fiduciary and financial reality: there is no party. But there are always risks.
Pity the children of China: from toddlerhood onward, they spend almost every waking moment studying. Fun is for foreigners: Chinese children have no time for it.
Alexander Gintsburg, director of Russia’s Gamaleya Institute, the state-run virology research centre that developed the jab, said the results were a “monumental achievement” and “a great success in the battle against the global Covid-19 pandemic”.
The airline reported a net loss of Rm443m ($137m) for the three months ended March 31, compared with a loss of Rm279m a year earlier. Its yield – revenue per passenger – fell 9 per cent.
Star manager Anthony Bolton has admitted he was wrong about the chinese stock market, as he hung up his fund management hat after 35 years.
Peer through the fog and the world after coronavirus takes on different shapes. Some of the boundaries have been drawn. The economic legacy of the pandemic will include steep falls in output, widespread business failures, higher unemployment and a pile-up of fiscal deficits. The world’s richest nations will be at once poorer and more indebted. Capitalism will get a new look.
Among the biggest institutions, us banks have been the most cautious — boosting their reserves for potential bad loans by 350 per cent from the first quarter last year to $25bn — while European lenders have increased provisions by 269 per cent to about €16bn.
Yet the justification is less important than the consequences. Between January 2000 and April 2007, the stock of global foreign currency reserves rose by $5,200bn. Thus three-quarters of all the foreign currency reserves accumulated since the beginning of time have been piled up in this decade. Inevitably, a high proportion – probably close to two-thirds – of these sums were placed in dollars, thereby supporting the us currency and financing US external deficits.
If the old marketing cliché “the customer is always right” was true in all situations, then Brazil’s latest moves regarding China would look like madness.
Mr Jennings said that the impact of the heavy rains was “dramatic”.
It is doubtful that Mr Henry, who made his fortune as a commodities trader and is best known for purchasing the Boston Red Sox baseball team in 2002, gave much thought to how many redbacks it took to buy a greenback. But if he does end up selling Liverpool FC for a pretty penny to a consortium led by a chinese investment group, it will be in part because of what has happened to the renminbi over the past two years.
south african police fired on protesting mineworkers yesterday, in the worst violence to afflict South Africa’s mining industry in recent years.
Wang Zegang makes mining machinery for the coal industry at his factory in Shandong province. But by next year he plans to branch out into a new business: making jets for China’s air force.
Delegates at St Germain-en-Laye are struck by the “80/20” rule of power politics – that you should spend 80 per cent of your time at work actually working and 20 per cent communicating your achievements and gaining visibility internally and externally. This appears to be news to the women on the course, but may be more familiar to their male colleagues back at the office. “Guys have told me this rule as if they were fed it with their mother’s milk,” says Ms Wittenberg-Cox.
The next director-general must make the case for the BBC all over again. Critics, for example the FT’s Janan Ganesh, argue that it must become smaller and cheaper. But this neglects how, in today’s media, the BBC’s role is more important than ever. There is a great danger that it will reach for solutions that will make another egregious editorial mistake more likely rather than less.
Worse is to come. Seasonally adjusted month-on-month data from September shows falling exports in a number of categories, including the dominant mechanical and electrical products. Nervous householders continue to squirrel more money away in the banks. And it is hard to be too reassured by last month’s re-acceleration in loan growth, particularly since much of this went to households, implying a step-up in mortgages just as property prices start to wilt.
Add to that the fact the institutions are just 10 miles apart and the accommodation is perfectly suited to the different programmes on offer – undergraduates and masters students can enjoy campus life, executives can relish the riverside rural retreat – on paper it looks a perfect fit.
It is unclear whether this is the final shortlist for BII, or when the sale will be finalised, but it is thought likely to be completed by the end of next month.
Much like during the 1990s internet boom, there is no ready pool of experienced staff because online media uses are so new. This particularly applies to finding staff to manage the explosion in user-generated content which allows people to copy, edit, communicate and share text, audio and video with ease.
She is not a clown, although some days it feels that way, but a “baby wrangler”. The job involves coaxing smiles or tears from infants on photo and film shoots for advertisers and for editorial.
Société Générale will be severely criticised in an independent report into the &#8364 50bn ($77bn) rogue trading scandal at France's second-biggest bank, to be published within the next two weeks.
The principle must be sovereignty. Provided Africa, south america and other hosts of international investment in agriculture remain in control, then foreign capital can only be to their benefit. A sovereign government can, if it feels it must, use tariffs and quotas to prevent food being shipped abroad, regardless of who owns the land. A sovereign government can, if it chooses, insist that smallholdings be set aside for peasant farmers.
Although the former prime minister has been widely rumoured to be interested in becoming the president of the European Council &ndash  the body representing the EU's 27 member states &ndash  he has refused to confirm it publicly.
The personal fortune of Asia's richest man rose by 40 per cent last year, according to Forbes magazine.
Japan and south korea will join the medal charge from the east, and while the traditional powerhouses of Europe may not be as strong a they once were, Germany, France, Italy and the UK should still finish in the top 12.
In the 1990s, hip-hop- related crime was out of control. There were robberies, kidnappings, assaults, death threats. In 1996, Tupac Shakur was shot dead in Las Vegas. A year later, the same happened to Biggie Smalls.
According to Tanya Azarchs, managing director of financial services ratings at Standard& Poor’s, the hedge fund market is meeting pressure for more transparency as it seeks to attract this broader spectrum of investors.
“It was my ambition to agree on the steps on the next couple days so that we could spend them well,” said Mr Dijsselbloem. “Unfortunately we haven’t been able to do that so we’ll continue on Monday and move on from there.”
Lu Jun, a health activist who runs a website for Hepatitis B carriers, said Mr Li's lawsuit appeared to be the first of its kind against a western company. Antidiscrimination lawsuits against local companies were also very rare and often failed, in part because of China's contradictory legislation on Hepatitis B, Mr Lu said.
The sector also benefits from China’s rise, of course. Luxury London department store Harrods says an average Chinese customer spends £3,500 in the shop. Goldman Sachs thinks the number of people who might buy luxury goods in China (which it defines as people who earn more than $30,000 a year) will expand from 12.5m this year to 200m in 2025.
Dean's area of expertise is conodonts, an obscure group of microfossils thought to have been an extinct animal called the chordate - which, judging from the pictures, looked a bit like a worm. The first conodont animal was found by a scientist on a beach near Edinburgh in the mid-1980s. Samples of their teeth can also be found in Devon and the survey's collection has many trays of specimens. "They are my favourites," he says. "Because they evolved rapidly at times, they can be really helpful for dating rocks. And because their colour changes as they are subjected to geothermal heat, they can be used as tools in gas and oil exploration."
A report on state broadcaster CCTV and interviews in state media this week portrayed the camps as “vocational training centres” where Uighurs learn their “legal rights” and how to speak Mandarin Chinese. Activities include volleyball games and singing and dancing contests.
“In our view the passing of Mr Castro from the political scene, when that happens, will be an opportunity to revive the hope for freedom and democracy in Cuba,” Mr Negroponte said.
Economists spend a lot of time debating whether China’s economy faces a soft landing or a hard landing. Markets care more about whether China will impose the pain of a slowdown — soft or hard — on the rest of the world by weakening its currency.
In March, the two companies will be fighting it out in the domestic market over rival versions of cars based on the Rover 75 model because both acquired some parts of the technology behind the car.
Yet will this decline in the rate of growth in the high-income countries cool an overheated world economy sufficiently? Perhaps not. The OECD expects a decline in growth outside the OECD, but to levels still above (a hard to measure) potential (see chart). The World Bank's Global Development Finance does expect a marked decline in developing country growth, though to still high levels, from 7.8 per cent in 2007 to 6.5 per cent this year and 6.4 per cent in 2009. chinese growth is forecast to slow from 11.9 per cent in 2007 to 9.4 per cent in 2008 and India's from 8.7 per cent to 7.0 per cent.
All public discussion of the 1989 incident is banned in mainland China, but hong kong operates under a far less repressive political system where free speech is protected by the territory's mini-constitution.
Philips, the Dutch electronics conglomerate, yesterday provided a downbeat start to the European earnings season by following us rival General Electric in announcing a drop in first-quarter profits, sending European stock markets lower on fears of a broader corporate slowdown.
China retained the men’s team table tennis title in London on Wednesday, which is about as surprising as hearing on election night that the communist party has held the seat of Beijing Central. It was a crushing win too: their opponents in the final, South Korea, won only two games out of 11.
But recently, I’ve begun to wonder — what would it mean if the entire paradigm for long-term investing was to change?
“Shen Wenrong’s intervention in Dongbei Special’s restructuring to become the largest shareholder has an extraordinary significance,” Qin Yuan, senior metals analyst at CIB Research, an arm of Industrial Bank, wrote in a report. “An advanced representative of China’s private economy has penetrated a core pillar of heavy industry in the north-east region, where the atmosphere of the state-owned economy is extremely thick.”
The index provides support for the message Christine Lagarde, managing director of the international monetary Fund, sent last week that although there has been some improvement since the turn of the year, “the risks remain high, the situation fragile”.
chinese companies are targeting stakes in two of Portugal’s leading banks as the country’s financial sector undergoes a transformation aimed at clearing bad loans and boosting capital.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal, the product of more than two years of tortuous negotiations in Brussels, was on Tuesday night overwhelmingly rejected by the House of Commons by 432 votes to 202, in a historic defeat.
There seems little doubt, however, Xiamen officials were stung by the scale of opposition to the plant, which planners see as supporting the future economic growth of what has been one of south-eastern China's biggest boom towns.
“A creditors' committee will be appointed by the court to supervise the work of the administrators,” says Ms Tsang.
chinese banks have been ordered to account for about Rmb2,300bn ($339bn) in off- balance sheet loans in a move that could put some lenders under serious stress and require another large round of capital-raising.
Aside from a sharp pullback in equity markets at the end of last week, the huge derivatives bet on selected us stocks has worked, leaving SoftBank with large but as yet unrealised profits. However, a continued fall in the us stock market could eat away at SoftBank’s returns.
Soon after, ByteDance’s investors including General Atlantic and Sequoia Capital began holding discussions with Trump officials, hoping to persuade them to accept changes to ByteDance’s voting and organisational structure. But those proposals failed to satisfy the White House, which wanted broader changes to TikTok’s shareholder structure, according to two people with knowledge of the discussions.
Jimmy Avila remembers weaving his way around open sewers as he made his way to school in Diadema, a town of some 400,000 people on the southern edge of S?o Paulo. Back in the early 1990s, Mr Avila’s rough concrete and brick home on Avenida das Na??es faced rows of more ramshackle houses made from wood and corrugated iron. Dealers sold crack on street corners.
“China is the most dominant threat we face from economic espionage,” said Randall Coleman, assistant director of the agency’s counterintelligence unit. “The chinese government plays a significant role. The playing field is not level.”
US banks’ loan loss reserves have risen by $110bn since the crisis began, and are now equivalent to 2.2 per cent of their loan portfolios, the highest level since after the financial crisis in 2012.
Malaysia is challenging its neighbour Singapore’s dominance as Asia’s commodity trading hub, luring traders based in the city-state with low tax rates in a bid to get them to relocate to Kuala Lumpur.
For 141 years, Toshiba has been one of the faces of Japan Inc: a tireless innovator, a global household name, builder of Asia’s first economic miracle and an incubator of some of the nation’s greatest corporate chieftains.
China’s economic planners pledged to adopt more “proactive” and “flexible” fiscal and monetary policies in the new year, the official xinhua news agency reported yesterday, as the country looks poised to post its slowest annual economic growth rate in 25 years.
On Monday morning, the onshore renminbi weakened as much as 0.8 per cent against the dollar to its lowest since February 2008 following comments from the White House that us president donald Trump’s only regret was not raising tariffs more than he had already.
This would be a dream for Barack Obama, a politician from America’s industrial heartland. So too for david cameron and Nick Clegg in the UK, eager to prove that we are all in it together. manufacturing jobs have traditionally paid well, and offered good careers to men who did not excel at school. This group has been hard hit by the last 25 years of economic change. It is no surprise politicians love manufacturing jobs.
Qin Hui, a historian at Beijing’s prestigious Tsinghua University, told the financial times that his book Zouchu Dizhi (Moving Away from the Imperial Regime), had been “banned”. “It’s like they want to kill someone and won’t even let him complain about it,” he added. “I can’t talk about this matter.”
For more than a decade, chinese growth of at least 8 per cent a year has been the overriding imperative for policy makers in Beijing.
mr bernanke also brushed aside comments by his predecessor Alan Greenspan that the expansion looked to be ageing, raising the possibility of a recession. Expansions did not “die of old age”, he said.
The political packaging of the new UK Budget is clear enough. It is about growth, and has a “Plan for Growth” at its heart. It also starts with projections for gross domestic product growth, which are less optimistic than they were, but which still forecast a return to a 2.9 per cent growth rate by the end of this government’s term. Subsidiary to this aim, with which almost nobody could disagree, comes fairness, in the form of frenzied tinkering to make life slightly easier for the poor and slightly tougher for the rich. Note that this tinkering, notably in the complicated and discontinuous new levy for North Sea oil producers, undermines a third key aim, simplicity.
He is launching an ambitious expansion programme to address Esprit’s absence in China’s fast-growing, smaller cities, and he has raised the possibility of a cheaper, second line designed for China.
Now look at the correlation with the yen. Traders' greatest concern yesterday was the unwinding of the yen carry trade – borrowing cheaply in yen and investing in higher yielding currencies – would lead to forced sales of other assets. Carry traders lose money fast if the yen rises – and in the past week it rose almost 6 per cent against the dollar. Last year, an 8 per cent appreciation in the yen, starting in April, helped trigger the sell-off.
Jonathan Kestenbaum, chief executive of Nesta, said difficulties in enforcing contracts were one reason small businesses had trouble growing: “Businesses have a low level of trust in their legal protection.” It could be hard “to move from the position of a small business that knows its suppliers and customers to that of a larger business whose relationships are more arm's length”.
Writing in The New Yorker in 1956, the critic Dwight Macdonald described the Ford Foundation as “a large body of money completely surrounded by people who want some”.
chinese investors and financial advisers on Tuesday shrugged off stricter government vetting of foreign exchange purchases, saying the measures were unlikely to have a dramatic impact on overseas spending.
Diageo on Thursday withdrew its previous guidance for the 2020 financial year because of coronavirus, after bars and restaurants were mostly closed in Europe, where drinking outside the home accounts for about half of Diageo’s trade, and the US, where it accounts for 20 per cent of its spirits business.
The us housing recession deepened last month as demand fell to a record low and the value of Americans' homes slid amid tightening lending conditions.
China has warned that the US could plunge the global economy into a 1930s-like depression if it passes a bill that aims to punish Beijing for holding down the value of its currency.
Didi Chuxing, China’s ride-hailing giant, has said it will start measuring success in terms of safety rather than scale and growth, after the second murder of a female passenger in four months sparked backlash from government authorities and users.
Mr Lee, who has less than eight months left of his single five-year term, said the North’s enforced leadership change at the end of last year provided the communist state with a “good opportunity” to follow Myanmar’s example.
The Blackstone deal is a first, and a breakthrough for the new state investment agency, which has been tasked with chasing better returns for a portion of China's $1,202bn in foreign reserves, the world's largest. But such is the pace of the build-up in reserves – they are growing by about $20bn a month – that the $3bn deal will make barely a dent in the foreign currency sitting on China's books.
The rising tensions between the US and China remind some Japanese strategists of the rivalry between America and Japan in the 1930s. One senior Japanese official told me that: “The Chinese don’t yet understand that when the Americans feel their leadership is threatened, they will react brutally.” Yet the same official noted that China is in a stronger position to challenge the US than Japan was in the 1930s.
Hu Jintao, China's president, spent a week in Australia this month during the Apec forum, a long visit aimed at cementing ties and laying groundwork for long-term resources deals.
The music stopped. The woman talked, in Mandarin, the recording crackling. “Dear friends in mainland China,” she said, my guide, Chifa Chen, translating. “I am happy to be here in Kinmen. I hope you can share the same freedom. Please, just come here and realise your dreams.”
The renminbi closed at its softest level in more than four years against the dollar on Tuesday as investors continued to fret about the capital outflows evident from currency reserve data published earlier in the week.
The Treasury has also been given broad authority to step in and purchase bad assets from individual institutions but us officials yesterday downplayed suggestions that it would quickly move to use these powers in the coming weeks and said the “system-wide and market-based” process embodied in the reverse auction remained the main vehicle for intervention.
Mr Spielberg's departure offered a powerful boost to campaigners seeking to use Beijing's role as Olympic host as an opportunity to push China to use its military and commercial ties with Khartoum to force an end to the Darfur killings.
Nursery-age pupil numbers soared 5.6 per cent to 44,290. David Hanson, chief executive of the Independent Association of Prep Schools, said parents were anxious to create “very good found-ations” for their children “as soon as possible” – both through independent nursery and pre-prep schooling, and at schools' preparatory departments, which generally start at the age of nine.
“We believe that foreign investors, especially active managers, have been leading the rally by adding A-shares due to attractive valuations,” he added. “Local institutional investors are now participating more and driving medium to small-cap stocks. retail investors are finally feeling more optimistic and this could sustain the momentum further.”
Standard and Poor’s has cut its long-term rating on Hong Kong, following its cut to China’s sovereign credit rating on Wednesday, to reflect “spillover risks” to the territory.
The offer would require substantial rewriting of the “farm bill” – the generous five-year programme of agricultural subsidies recently approved by the US Congress, which overcame an attempted White House veto.
The ramifications have been severe as lending from money funds to banks and companies has, in effect, ceased in recent weeks. This freeze in short- term lending now threatens broad economic activity at a time when banks are rebuilding their capital with the help of governments or though dilutive equity raising.
“Our relations are excellent,” Mr Castro told the press. mr medvedev agreed and said he expected to see Mr Castro in Moscow early next year to sign new agreements.
In a market where the steady state for the vast majority of firms has been struggling to keep up with demand and meet their strategic plans, the crisis may provide some respite to allow individual firms or the overall market to find a better steady state.
The usual defence is that you have to start somewhere. But mainstream economists no longer consider their core theory to be a “start”. The tenets are so firmly embedded that economists who think it is time to move beyond them are cold-shouldered. It is a rigid dogma. To challenge these ideas is to invite blank stares of incomprehension – you might as well be telling a physicist that gravity does not exist.
The accelerating shift, which came after a trio of opinion polls showed the Leave campaign leading by significant margins, was most marked in government bonds, where a series of records were smashed as cash flowed into the relative security of sovereign debt.
Japan’s public diplomacy hovers between the ludicrous and the sinister. In recent months, the country has specialised in foreign policy gaffes that seem designed to give maximum offence to its Asian neighbours while causing maximum embarrassment to its western allies.
At the heart of their inquiry lies an assumption: that technology will improve no matter what. Ever since Gordon Moore predicted in 1965 that the number of transistors on a microchip would double every two years, it has been a hard presumption to ignore. The theory, which was dubbed Moore’s law on account of its accuracy, is still to be disproved.
Han Jiaojiao’s breath forms a white cloud as she inspects the smartphones under the glass counter. But the young insurance agent is not troubled by the lack of heating in the handset shop in Gaoliying, a rural town just outside Beijing, on this freezing night.
But what exactly is the “important stuff” that employees need to know about Deloitte's strategy? The first heading is “Starry starry heights” and comes with a picture of the stars by Van Gogh. The message: shoot for the moon. This is bathos, and corny at that.
Tim Pringle, the editor of the China Quarterly, cambridge university Press’s leading China-focused journal, said on Monday that CUP had decided to unblock the pieces after it was attacked over its earlier decision. The articles covered sensitive topics ranging from Tibet to the tiananmen square protests.
“On an overall basis there are reasonably limited gains [still to be made] . . . Over the past five to 10 years retailers have squeezed the supply pipeline as hard as they can,” said Neil Saunders, author of the Verdict report.
The US has announced fresh measures to prevent large-scale leaks of sensitive data as it struggles to cope with the continuing publication of some 250,000 government documents by WikiLeaks.
Jon was a pilot with the Royal air force Red Arrows. He was 33 and coming to the end of his first year with the aerobatic team. I watched him perform many times but the Bournemouth Air Festival was always one of the highlights of the season. The main display takes place along the seafront, which is a spectacular backdrop for an airshow but a few miles from Bournemouth Airport, where the team was based that day.
mr xi issued the veiled rebuke of China’s North Korean ally in a speech on Sunday at a chinese business forum attended by dozens of national leaders from Asia, Africa and Europe.
Although Mr Glasenberg also cautioned that the slowdown in imports would probably be short-lived, his comments have triggered an intense debate in the markets over whether chinese demand is really slowing down or whether the country, after stockpiling raw materials last year, is simply running down its inventories.
The jewellery was later found in an airline employee locker room, and later that same week two baggage screeners were arrested in Miami for stealing from checked luggage. And hot on the heels of that news it was revealed that, earlier that year, a federal security screener in new york had been arrested for stealing thousands of dollars in cash from passengers while inspecting their belongings at an airport checkpoint.
The centimetre-thick volumes contain the names, ID numbers and other details on the roughly 80,000 employees that Huawei says own almost 99 per cent of the company under an “employee stock option plan”.
The comments by a top official at Safe suggest the foreign exchange regulator is determined to play a wider role in China's push to boost returns from its nearly $1,500bn in forex reserves, despite formation of the independent CIC.
There are, of course, distributional effects. The inflow of foreigners from the new Europe Union accession states makes life cheaper for middle- class taxpayers, but depresses the wages of some workers already here.
Prof Rao's advice on landing a job flies in the face of many careers service dicta. You are most unlikely to find your ideal job straight out of business school, he says, so accept the “least worst” job you are offered.
The former all-powerful head of China’s secret police, Zhou Yongkang, has been formally charged with “bribery, abuse of power and intentional disclosure of state secrets”, paving the way for what promises to be one of the most electrifying trials in modern Chinese history.
The Chinese renminbi could pose a threat to the international dominance of the us dollar within five to 10 years, the US-China Economic and Sec­urity Review Commission warned this month in its annual report to Congress.
Fifty years after Japan and the US signed their treaty of mutual co-operation, Barney Frank, US congressman, in July described the stationing of US forces in Okinawa as a hangover from the second world war. Shortly after, John Roos, us ambassador to Japan, became the first American envoy to join the annual commemoration of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. Then, Naoto Kan became the first japanese prime minister in 25 years to instruct his cabinet to stay away from the annual event honouring Japan’s war dead, at the Yasukuni shrine.
This latest offering from Herzog & De Meuron – 56 Leonard Street – joins a remarkable set of potential skyscrapers by avant-garde European architects, notably Jean Nouvel (beside MoMA) and OMA (East 22nd Street), designers steeped in the culture of the city's architecture and keen to develop and move it on rather than to pastiche it.
The EU’s probable change of policy is designed to sidestep a looming problem of whether China should be accorded “market economy status”, which would make it harder to impose antidumping or countervailing (anti-subsidy) duties on Chinese imports. When assessing such duties on a non-market economy, the EU is permitted to use costs from a supposedly analogous third country to calculate how big the penalties can be.
"It addresses not only the needs of China's development, but is also our biggest contribution to the world," said premier wen Jiabao.
Gome, which is controlled by Huang Guangyu, China’s richest man, said it would suspend its shares pending a “voluntary general offer” for China Paradise Electronics, China’s third-largest appliance retailer. The offer would be about US$630m, which is the market cap of China Paradise.
The move is part of a trend for japanese companies – particularly in consumer electronics – to use litigation as a tool to prevent the loss of their proprietary technology.
“Chinese airlines have raised pay dramatically,” said Dave Ross, the president of Wasinc International, which helps Chinese airlines find foreign pilots. Mr Ross said pilots coming from Central or Latin America, and some places in Europe could quadruple their compensation in China.
Ali Akbar Velayati, an adviser to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the supreme leader, told Iranian state television that the attack on the T4 military base in Homs province on Monday was a plot by “Americans and Zionists” to overshadow the Syrian regime’s recent “victories”.
Anti-dumping duties are generally a bad idea. There may a case for protecting an industry with strategic importance. But shoes are less strategic even than yoghurts. If Beijing wants to subsidise European consumers' shoe habits, by sending footwear halfway around the globe, it should be able to do so. Shoemaking is not an industry with high barriers to entry, nor one where predatory pricing delivers an unfair competitive advantage.
The workshop starts with a mock cocktail party. Breakfast hors d'oeuvres are served and Mr Rand encourages the students to mingle with the eight IBM executives in attendance.
Luca Maestri, chief financial officer, said that Apple was able to clear more iPhone inventory than it had anticipated and that unit sales had fallen less than they had in March, which he said had “turned out to be the low point for our cycle”.
Investors worldwide held their breath as talks on the US government's $700bn financial rescue plan entered the weekend with fresh momentum after stalling in the face of opposition from congressional members of president george W. Bush's own Republican party.
Education companies accounted for three of the top five $100m listings for investors last year on the hong kong exchange, according to Bloomberg data.
Rather than being fired, chief executives often resign under pressure – as did Harry Stonecipher at Boeing, the late Kenneth Lay at Enron and Bernie Ebbers at WorldCom.
China has emerged as the world’s top region for wind power, accounting for a third of global installed capacity after overtaking the EU last year, according to the Global Wind Energy Council. But much of the electricity produced by its vast wind farms goes unused, with grids unable to accommodate fluctuating sources of power and amid rising overcapacity in the country’s total power generation.
Oil rose to its highest level in a year after president vladimir putin said yesterday that Russia was prepared to join Opec efforts to stem the decline in crude prices through a production cap.
India’s pharmaceutical sector sources about 70 per cent of its starting ingredients from China, while its booming mobile phone market is dominated by chinese imports and brands such as Xiaomi. Automakers source about 25 per cent of component imports from China including vital electrical parts.
Huawei has withdrawn as the main sponsor of the Canberra Raiders rugby league club amid a dramatic downsizing in Australia, which implemented the world’s first ban on the chinese company selling 5G equipment.
Last month a case surfaced in London's high court in which Barclays, the UK bank, was contesting allegations that it was negligent when it paid more than 400 US dollar-denominated cheques that investors had written in favour of a Cayman Islands wine futures business - Architects of Wine Ltd or AoW Ltd - into the account of an associated UK company, Architects of Wine UK (or AoW UK).
A senior Chinese food regulator has warned that problems with food safety in the country could cause diseases and threaten social stability.
China’s determination to enforce energy efficiency measures on its steel industry, including potential mill closures, boosted stocks in the sector on Tuesday.
The IEA expects an oil price of $110 in 2030, or about $62 in today's money. In the higher growth scenario, it expects oil to be at $159 by then.
Second, there are much better ways of assessing performance than are being used. The IRRs typically used are prone to a wide variety of methodological and interpretive problems. For instance, these calculations are frequently sensitive to assumptions about the draw-downs of capital and do not lend themselves readily to being aggregated: the return of two funds taken together may be very different to the average of the individual IRRs.
Morgan Stanley this month bought a 30 per cent stake in a resort project in Hainan, developed by China's Agile Property in a transaction that valued the project at almost $3bn.
His comment came a day after mr bolton told reporters in Tokyo that there was “no doubt” that two sets of recent North Korean missile launches had breached UN security council resolutions banning ballistic missile tests.
When pressed on this point, Honda's chief looks momentarily uncomfortable. “Personal mobility will grow globally as human beings develop,” he says, so “personal jets are destined to grow too.” If somebody is to build them, he implies, it should be Honda, which introduced Americans to clean cars. “We have to do something about it – that is what Honda desires.”
Netherlands-based group Spyker filed suit against GM in the united states District Court in Detroit on Monday, seeking compensation for “unlawful actions GM took to avoid competition with Saab Automobile on the Chinese market”.
sovereign wealth funds are losing their enthusiasm for providing rescue financing to distressed financial institutions, and for investing in US and developed markets generally, according to a new report. At the same time, the slower growth rates being achieved by the assets they hold are further deepening their caution.
“It’s absolutely amazing, but under the right circumstances, a producer could make more money with a flop than he could with a hit.” Thus spoke accountant Leo Bloom, played in The Producers (1968) by the much-mourned Gene Wilder. In Bloom’s thought experiment, a dishonest producer would raise a vast sum by selling the profits of a Broadway show many times over. Provided the Broadway show was a flop, nobody would come looking for their share of the profits and the fraudsters could retire to Rio. If the show was a hit, of course, “well, then you’d go to jail”. That was where Bloom and his partner Max Bialystock ended up: their musical, Springtime for Hitler, was far too good.
Valuations of companies have often been used to make misleading comparisons: there is a cottage industry of pundits who have tried to compare the value of large multinationals to the GDP of entire countries. But sometimes, such contrasts can illuminate powerful trends about the state of nations.
If Nagoya's Premier Salon is successful, Tokai would like to "roll out the model to all parts of Japan", says Mr Hirano. In 10 years' time perhaps thousands of Japan's high-net-worth individuals will be relaxing in such salons, within earshot of discreetly piped classical music, with a snort of oxygen to boost their spirits.
That mr pompeo chose to make his remarks in Ethiopia, a country that for all its problems has one of Africa’s most successful economies partly thanks to close ties with Beijing was particularly bemusing. Ethiopia is the second-biggest destination of chinese investment in Africa. It has grown at near double-digit rates for 15 years. Much of the infrastructure that has made this possible was built and financed by China.
Yemen’s president appears to have tricked his Saudi hosts when he unexpectedly returned home last week, exacerbating the standoff between his regime and the country’s pro-democracy protest movement.
government policy over the past decade has twisted the knife that bit harder. Which is the first generation that will have to work to 68 before becoming eligible for a state pension? Those born after 1978. Which was the first generation to bear the full brunt of student tuition fees? Again it is 1980s children. According to the Student Loans Company, the average debt for someone born in 1985 and graduating in 2006 is &pound 9,750. This means, of course, that while older generations will soon pay the new 20 per cent or 40 per cent income tax rates, 80s babies have tax rates 9 percentage points higher until their loans are paid off. And will the 80s generation be eligible for the new student maintenance grants announced last week? Hardly. The new payments of up to &pound 2,825 a year will start from 2008-09 once most have finished their studies.
But Mr Evans says the story has not gone away. “While most QDII fund managers remain cautious about the outlook, all are gearing up to launch new funds towards the end of the year.
The revelation that administration officials have asked the Office of the us trade representative to draft a list of unilateral measures to go after countries such as China is disturbing if not surprising. The US already has some of the world’s more far-reaching forms of “trade defence” — antidumping and antisubsidy duties — in its arsenal. To go further towards unilateralism, rather than bringing cases to the WTO, threatens to irreparably harm the multilateral trading system as it currently exists.
These calculations were not limited to Merrill: after UBS unveiled $3.4bn (&#8364 2.3bn, &pound 1.6bn) of third-quarter mortgage-related losses last week, merrill lynch analysts warned that the swiss bank would need to take up to $8bn more losses in the fourth quarter of this year. Meanwhile, Citigroup's share price slumped on rumours that it may need to acknowledge another $10bn of losses.
Sir, Gary Becker and Kevin Murphy say that &ldquo a world that is mainly capitalistic is the &lsquo only game in town' that can deliver further large increases in wealth and health to poor as well as rich nations&rdquo  (&ldquo Do not let the &lsquo cure' destroy capitalism&rdquo , March 20). If the choice is real world capitalism or real world communism, there is no contest. But it is not. The choice is between varieties of capitalism, and the variety that Profs Becker and Murphy want &ndash  with steadily freer markets and more private supply worldwide &ndash  is questionable on many grounds.
The continued turmoil in emerging markets, including the sharp sell-off in risk assets, should be viewed as a byproduct of China rebalancing and the US once again taking the lead as the driver of global growth. Therefore investors should not lose sight of the bigger picture and forget that, ultimately, the US-China economic relationship will always underlie what happens in the global economy in the long and short term.
The global flight to safe haven investments was underlined by a risk index compiled by UBS exceeding the peaks that followed the Long Term Capital Management hedge fund crisis in 1998 and the terrorist attacks of September 2001.
JPMorgan’s move, announced in an internal memorandum distributed to staff on Monday, is a sign of financial groups’ reluctance to use their own capital on large trading bets amid uncertain and volatile market conditions.
Water companies will face serious difficulties in satisfying demand during the worsening summer droughts to come. One seemingly simple solution would be to move water from where it is abundant to dry areas. But water is heavy, and therefore expensive and difficult to transport over long distances in the quantities that would be needed.
The preliminary survey gave a reading of 50.5, a two-month high and up from 50.2 in August. Economists were anticipating a score of 50.0 - with several expecting outright contraction. A score above 50 signals growth.
Just as important, the recipients of President Xi’s generosity also travel to the pearl river region. Same-store sales in Hong Kong, Macau and elsewhere in that area grew 10 per cent in the year to March. That trend continued in April, outpacing forecasts.
Although the ECB has long signalled it would end new purchases this month, the move marked a milestone for the eurozone, which will now be left to manage its economy with more traditional tools such as interest rate changes.
Ma Ying-jeou, a conservative pragmatist from what for most of the past decade has been the opposition Kuomintang, takes office as Taiwan's new president today. His main promise is to oversee the transformation of the relationship across the taiwan strait from a seemingly interminable political standoff to one driven by economic co-operation.
That is no consolation if it is really preferable to receive nothing at all than to receive a newsletter. But that seems unlikely: economists talk of "free disposal", a theoretically convenient assumption that would not apply to a half tonne of manure on the doorstep, but surely describes the marginal cost of throwing away Brian's newsletter along with his card. If you are so certain that these newsletters contain nothing of interest, waste no time in reading them.
With plunging exports and economic contraction overtaking inflation and liquidity as concerns, asian central banks are starting to buy dollars, raising devaluation worries.
Were it not for the power of big business, the relationship between the US and China might have gone sour years ago. There are forces on both sides of the Pacific – Chinese nationalists, American trade unionists, the military establishments of both countries – that would be happy with a more adversarial relationship. For the past generation it has been US multinationals that have made the counter-argument – that a stronger and more prosperous China could be good for America.
The renminbi has gained almost 7 per cent against the dollar this year, and has appreciated 3 per cent against the greenback in the past two weeks alone. Conventional thinking suggests that this is really down to dollar weakness. But perhaps the argument that renminbi’s rise reflects the continuing strength of the chinese economy is actually more compelling.
Li Keqiang, who is expected to become China’s next premier when the leadership is changed two years from now, has committed China to buying more Spanish government bonds, in spite of the eurozone’s unresolved sovereign debt crisis.
Huaneng Renewables, China’s third-biggest wind farm operator by capacity, aims to raise $800m to $1bn, according to a person familiar with the deal.
The world economy is enjoying a synchronised recovery. This is good news for emerging and developing countries. It is also an opportunity. A slowdown in the potential rate of growth is affecting many of these countries. This is not only the result of demographic change, but also of a weakening in productivity growth. They need to tackle this urgently.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development now forecasts a 4.3 per cent contraction in the economies of advanced countries this year, followed by stagnation in 2010. In advanced member countries, joblessness may rise by 25m by 2010. Meanwhile, the international monetary fund forecasts that the global economy will shrink by 0.5 per cent to 1 per cent this year. This would mean an increase in the &ldquo output gap&rdquo  &ndash  the gap between actual and potential output &ndash  of as much as 4 per cent.
Like a new swear word sweeping across school playgrounds, suddenly everyone is talking about 200-day moving averages. The S&amp P 500 index is flirting with this crucial level, point out the pundits, having broken through it at the end of May for the first time in a year. That is a bullish signal, apparently. If the market drops below its 200-day moving average again, however, many reckon that is not so good.
A nervous young waitress arrives in a pink kimono. She lowers her head to the tatami and, hands trembling, offers us hot towels. Just then, Akie's stomach rumbles loudly. To her credit, Akie acknowledges the gurgling and bursts into laughter. She does not cover her mouth with her hand.
It was, in fact, an absent-minded slip of the tongue. mr biden was talking about his campaign’s voter protection project — an initiative designed to combat voter suppression. But the clip was carefully edited to imply otherwise and swiftly exploded on social media.
A strong run for the world’s reserve currency against its peers has pushed the euro down to near $1.20 from its high above $1.23 earlier this month.
The independent agency charged with assessing the effectiveness of the World Bank has issued a searing indictment of Paul Wolfowitz's leadership, warning that his actions are undermining the bank's ability to pursue development work.
There are as many explanations for the causes of the credit crunch as there are economists, but some themes predominate: excessive leverage  inadequate capital  over-complex financial instruments  an asset bubble  and (pretty universally) the asymmetric incentives that arose from bankers' bonus arrangements. Bankers were paid when the risks they took paid off, but were not penalised when their bets went sour. Since it can take years to be certain that bank risks are profits or losses, it proved too easy for them to take the cash on short-term gains but to have no responsibility for the consequences of their actions years later.
Zhou Enlai’s supposed judgment on the French Revolution has always looked unbeatable for magisterial long-termism. “Too soon to tell,” the chinese premier is meant to have said, with an unelected leader’s freedom to wait. How striking, then, to see a chamber as democratic as the us senate better his epigram at last. In a motion about Syria and Afghanistan, a bipartisan supermajority of 68 Senators has warned against the “precipitous withdrawal of united states forces from either country”.
The wealth he has amassed, unusual for someone who worked up the ranks as a reporter, has invited criticism  so have the uses to which he has put his power, which some argue have lent respectability to the strident nationalism heard increasingly in Japan these days. His causes have included a long public campaign, now closer to fruition than ever, to rewrite the postwar pacifist constitution. His newspaper has been a champion of Japan's armed forces and an advocate of the country standing taller in international affairs.
Feeling such relief would depend critically on how you define the threat to the eurozone and whether you take Mr Salvini at his word. We do not know what he may be thinking. Nor what he will be thinking when he finally achieves power. For all we know, he might by lying. What we do know is this: no politician ever succeeded by threatening to abolish the currency in which their voters receive their income and hold their savings. And here is the flipside: I am also sceptical about opinion polls that reflect a Panglossian view of attitudes to the single currency. The situation could change quickly in a financial crisis.
Still, on the list of problems facing businesses, a stronger euro is arguably not the most alarming, especially as it will lower the cost of imported energy. More worrying has been the collapse in demand for products, shown in plunging orders data, especially in the automotive sector. “The rebound in the euro, if maintained, will of course add to the woes of exporters. But the crucial thing is whether your buyers actually buy a truck,” said Holger Schmieding, European economist at Bank of America.
Only weeks ago, a revaluation of the renminbi against the dollar seemed a done deal. Partly for economic reasons and partly to stave off us political pressure, China seemed ready to allow a small appreciation before the Group of 20 summit next month. Investors' flight from the euro, however, throws this prospect into doubt.
In the 10 years since the establishment of the european union Chamber of Commerce in China, I have seldom seen market sentiment among members so bleak or pessimistic. After 30 years of progressive market reforms, many foreign businesses in the country feel as though they have run up against an unexpected and impregnable blockade.
Rio is understood to be a final contender to form a partnership with Alrosa to develop a large deposit near the northern port of Archangel, according to diamond market insiders.
mr madoff was arrested in December after his sons reported him to the authorities. He has not been asked to enter a plea, nor has he been indicted. Since then, the SEC has suffered an avalanche of criticism for not thoroughly investigating Mr Markopolos's apparently credible allegations for nearly a decade.
Mapping out the economic issues that will be debated at a high-level summit in Beijing starting on Monday, David Loevinger, senior co-ordinator for China affairs at the Treasury, said “indigenous innovation” had risen to the top of the agenda.
China’s two largest train manufacturers are merging to create a global giant, as part of a strategy by Beijing to compete more effectively against Canadian, European and Japanese rivals.
The example to follow is Huawei, the privately owned chinese telecoms equipment maker. Its financial reporting is far from complete and has not yet allayed us political fears that China spies through its networks. But it has helped anyone interested to understand the company better.
mr musk has repeatedly tangled with us securities regulators about what  he can and cannot tweet about his publicly traded company. His 2016 decision to have Tesla acquire a lossmaking solar energy company that he helped start was roundly criticised. And he embroiled himself in a defamation lawsuit with an online verbal assault on a British diver who had accused mr musk of grandstanding during the 2018 rescue of 12 boys trapped in a Thailand cave. mr musk eventually prevailed in the case.
At a meeting of senior officials on Wednesday night, eurozone governments signalled proposals for €150bn in bilateral loans, expected to come through their central banks, which they said could be augmented by another €50bn from outside the eurozone. Denmark, a non-euro country, said it would contribute €5.4bn through its central bank.
China’s Ministry of Health is to ban hospitals from buying expensive medical equipment on their own, a move that is part of a widening campaign against corruption in the health sector.b
chinese companies said they often lacked the skills needed to implement mergers or acquisitions once deals had been completed and half said they had been unsuccessful at recruiting executives in overseas target markets.
Recent reports suggest that China has made a dramatic proposal to address the central issue of imbalanced trade. This would eliminate entirely its bilateral trade surplus with America within six years. Since this surplus reached $380bn in 2018 on trade in goods and services, and may exceed $500bn by 2024, this idea could have a large effect on global trade flows and world gross domestic product.
Here they are stripped of some of the trappings of the super-rich. No staff are allowed. Everyone stays in the same style of hotel room to “create a community”, so there are no suites, just regular rooms with large beds, two comfortable chairs, sleek en-suite bathrooms and local art on the wall.
But there are challenges ahead. One of the reasons why the market has been slow to take off in some countries is that underlying data needs to be of a cast-iron calibre – as is the case in the UK.
Professors Apesteguia and Palacios-Huerta are delighted with the result. Presumably this is because it is a powerful vindication of their research, and not because they are Spanish.
“Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon. Milton Friedman.”
This year’s meeting of the World Economic Forum, which begins today, will be the first “normal” Davos for five years. Ever since the collapse of Lehman Brothers, in September 2008, a sense of crisis has hovered over the annual event.
The German company intends to seek a judicial review aimed at quashing Mayor Ken Livingstone's plan to increase the charge for the most polluting cars from October.
The Absolute return equity fund, initially available in Spain and Italy, is one of the first Ucits III vehicles based on a pure hedge fund. In November London-based Marshall Wace launched a Ucits version of its Tops equity market neutral strategy.
Not surprisingly, emiWhy Women Mean Business/em is well documented and summarises leading and recent studies in this field. Thorough and direct, it also abounds in footnoted anecdotes and comments from figures such as Jeremy Isaacs at Lehman Brothers, Niall Fitzgerald of Reuters, and Anne Mulcahy of Xerox, making it both a practical and a lively read. “Business remains a world created by males for males,” admits Isaacs and what alienates women is that “the language people fall into using is sometimes unacceptable”, as Fitzgerald points out. It is clear, authentic, stimulating and sometimes provocative.
This was to be expected. The potent stimulant of falling energy prices has been feeding into the us economy for some months. credit conditions have stopped tightening as fears that further systemically important institutions might collapse have cleared.
money market funds' popularity rested on their reputation for being almost as secure as bank deposits. Marketers of the funds had long emphasised that only one small fund had ever "broken the buck", and that was 14 years before. The fear was that once one fund showed that investors could lose their principal, the damage to the industry would be severe.
Her spokesman said yesterday the president had issued a directive to put on hold official development assistance loans for 11 major projects that have not yet been formally signed with creditors.
Thomson Reuters GFMS, which produces benchmark supply and demand statistics for the gold market, acknowledged that some investors had become disillusioned with the precious metal’s recent performance but predicted a turnround in fortunes.
We are in the midst of a deleveraging, we are nearly out of ammunition and we are at each other’s throats. Being in a deleveraging and nearly out of ammunition is a very difficult position to be in. But being at each other’s throats is our biggest problem.
The onslaught on european banks is unremitting. But who is eating their lunch? In the latest setback for banks in Europe, Moody’s Investors Service has put the subordinated debt of nearly 90 of them under review for a possible downgrade. No surprises there: European sovereigns have limited appetite or ability to support them, let alone bondholders. But the warning highlights the risk of a European credit crunch as banks shrink risk-weighted assets to meet new capital rules and as they struggle to fund those assets.
A man appearing to be Peter Kassig, a 26-year-old aid worker and former US soldier, is shown on the video kneeling in an orange jumpsuit as a black-clad warrior for the group, also known as Isis, stood beside him. Minutes later, a severed head described as Mr Kassig’s is shown resting on the ground in an area described as northern Syria.
According to conventional wisdom, wars are easy to start and difficult to end. Similarly Beijing’s devaluation, the biggest one-day currency move since 1993, represents the latest skirmish in an emerging battle which, analysts warn, may be hard to reverse.
Each is following a monotone reading by one of their classmates from a history book about one of India’s liberation heroes. Not a computer, let alone a desk is in sight. Outside, beyond a field of yellow mustard seed and sparring goats, a new high-rise medical college rises above the mist on the edge of the town of Nuh, an hour’s drive from Gurgaon, a new city born out of India’s IT outsourcing boom.
Stefan Wojciechowski, the NFRN's head of news and magazines, said deliveries represented a “significant slice of business” for news-agents and expressed concern that newspaper publishers in the rest of the UK would start to do more of their own deliveries.
Exports from the EU contracted 1.8 per cent in the third quarter compared with the previous three-month period, while imports fell 0.4 per cent, according to figures released on Thursday by the Paris-based organisation.
In a draft european commission plan, seen by the Financial Times, the separation is no longer mandatory and would be less costly and restrictive than first envisaged. National supervisors are given wide discretion in applying the reforms.
Huawei was &ldquo acting as a bridge&rdquo  between telecoms operators and Chinese lenders, the executives said.
hon hai on Thursday cemented an alliance with three major silicon valley venture capital companies in a move that reflects the world’s biggest electronics contract manufacturer’s ambitions to acquire new technologies and move into new areas.
Even with the sound on, you never hear television pundits talking about asset-turn. That is a shame because the ratio is key to understanding these annoyingly indecisive bond and equity markets. To be fair, it is not a widely known term. Worse, it could mean anything and is written inversely to how it is calculated (revenues divided by assets). Asset-turn is also hard to conceptualise.
If Tesco’s joint venture with China Resources is an admission of defeat for the UK supermarket group in the world’s second-largest economy, it is also a warning to potential bidders for ParknShop.
A global vaccine rollout could also undermine China’s competitive edge as one of the few major functioning global export economies, Mr Gatley added.
A related issue is that it will be more difficult to measure the stance of Fed policy: there will be no simple analogue to the Fed funds rate. Credit aggregates alone are unlikely to yield precise information about the Fed's efforts to stimulate borrowing and lending, because they depend on both supply and demand factors. Moreover, the Fed is no more able to control credit aggregates than it can broad monetary aggregates. Similarly, it cannot directly control credit spreads. However, credit spreads supplemented with information about lending standards and credit quantities are likely to be more informative about how well financial markets are functioning. Though imperfect indicators, these spreads give a more direct measure of the costs of private intermediation than do credit quantities.
particular - even if the Chinese system for protecting IP rights still has many deficiencies. "The commercialisation of intellectual property in China is beginning," says Catherine Sun, a patent expert at the Shanghai office of the law firm Foley & Lardner.
“We were flummoxed,” Mr Kakkar says. “We thought about it for some time and realised there is no aam panna available in this country. Talk of blind spots. You have been living here, working in the beverage industry, and the aam panna, which you like and which you fight over every day — nobody is making it, and it is available nowhere.”
In London, the FTSE 100 rose 2.8 per cent while on Wall Street, S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent higher in afternoon trading. Short-term money market rates also fell in the UK and US in response to recent policy moves. However, economists warned that it was still far too early to assume that the final chapter of this year's market turmoil is now over.
“The gradual improvement in the Spanish economy seen since the beginning of the year continued, against a backdrop of some easing in financial tensions and improved confidence,” the central bank noted. It added that Spain had once again benefited from strong exports, a trend the bank said could gather further momentum on the back of a continuing decline in unit labour costs.
Europe's leaders will turn their eyes today to the pressing challenges of the future after signing a treaty they hope will banish uninspiring and damaging debates about EU institutional reform for many years to come.
According to the Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter, the “process of creative destruction is the essential fact about capitalism”. It is therefore apt that the investment exchanges, the places where investors and issuers meet at the crossroads of capitalism, should be exemplifying this so fully.
analysts say this is one reason why the US has avoided a bank run of the kind that crippled Northern Rock, the crisis-hit UK mortgage lender.
We opted for better measurement of intangibles, adjusting for the distribution of income, and removing unproductive financial activity. The long-term recommendation was more radical: ditching GDP as the metric of progress in favour of measures of access to different kinds of assets, including financial wealth but also natural capital, intangible assets, infrastructure and human and social capital.
The result has been a surge of townhouse construction on the fringes of Campos and nearby Santanyí, once a medieval stronghold against Turkish and Berber pirates whose labyrinthine beauty has made it a popular base for local and foreign artists. The new units are in response to demand from Palma-based workers prepared to commute into the capital in return for a quieter life after hours. This trend, in turn, reflects the deeper sociological shift resulting from Mallorca's conversion in the past 40 years from a rural society to one grown rich from tourism.
But the fortress that Microsoft has built around Windows is likely to withstand this attack for some time to come, giving the software company room for manoeuvre as it tries to reshape its own technology around the internet, analysts said.
The single currency suffered after Moody’s downgraded the long-term credit rating of French banks Crédit Agricole and Société Générale, while news that two banks had tapped the european central bank for dollar funding also weighed on the single currency.
Twenty-eight-year-old Mr Hoehn, who works from his home in Texas, advocates the practice for those at the start of their careers or as a strategic approach to building new relationships. He cites one friend, an event planner who worked on the iPhone launch, who periodically drops her $50,000 project fee when she believes it could open doors to new business.
China has invited US and German doctors to help treat the country’s most famous dissident, after revelations he has final-stage liver cancer gave fresh impetus to global calls for his release.
The news sparked a sharp fall in London stocks, with the FTSE 100 index of blue-chip stocks down more than 76 points or 1.3% by lunchtime. But by mid-afternoon, the FTSE 100 had recovered slightly to 5813.2, down only 48 points or 0.8% since the morning. /b
For years, those angered by corruption allegations at Fifa have rightly called for Mr Blatter to go. There can be no doubt that bribery has flourished during his 17-year term of office, whatever his personal involvement may have been. But it is important to remember that Fifa’s bad reputation preceded his presidency. Mr Blatter’s predecessor, the Brazilian João de Havelange, was found guilty of taking bribes from a marketing company.
“This is meant to be a specifically targeted trade and investment agreement, which it will not be if other elements come into it.”
On the busy east side of town, a new Regent and a remodelled Raffles are open for business. Additional InterContinental, Westin and Ritz-Carlton hotels are to open in the area this year.
The rules - developed by the financial stability board - for the first time include specific guidelines on the proportion of bankers bonuses that should be paid in the form of deferred compensation.
China Eastern Airlines, the smallest and weakest of the country's three big state-owned carriers, said yesterday it was seeking government advice over the long-awaited sale of a stake to strategic investors including singapore airlines (SIA).
The ijuguo/i system may do better when it comes to water sports such as rowing and canoeing – although the recent sacking of the canoe and kayak team's legendary German coach Josef Capousek has done little for competitors' morale.
The writer is IMF chief economist
On the fringes of Queen Elizabeth National Park in western Uganda, farmers drum loudly throughout the night to scare off their most destructive enemy: the elephant. In the nearby Bwindi rainforest, small surviving herds of savannah elephants, cut off from their diminishing natural habitat, have adapted to a hidden existence beneath the canopy.
One of the most surprising differences between Brightworks and its mainstream, state school counterparts is the lack of screens in classes. Despite its location in the technology crucible of the world, you won’t see pupils idly tapping on iPads or watching educational videos in class. Tulley’s model is designed around helping students discover their intrinsic ability free from the easy distractions of technology and increasingly popular forms of edutainment — activities that blend screen-based learning with visual entertainment. “If they are interested in something, we let them run with it, but they have to chase it and get deep into things,” says Tulley. “We don’t have many rules, but one of them is that if you want to play a video game you have to make it yourself.”
Boeing has held a meeting with Chinese airlines in Shanghai to demonstrate a revamped version of the flight control system at the centre of two fatal crashes in Indonesia and Ethiopia in the past six months.
While such cross-border links are planned with China’s neighbours in south-east and central Asia, in Dandong they remain a fantasy as Sino-US tensions build over North Korea’s nuclear and missile programmes. During a visit to the demilitarised zone separating North and south korea on Monday, US vice-president Mike Pence urged Beijing to use its “extraordinary levers” over Kim Jong Un’s regime in Pyongyang.
But, in another sense, the claim is absurd: if the failures are both as widespread and as persistent as it appears, the problem is in the job specification rather than with the incumbent. If you employ an alchemist who fails to turn base metal into gold, the alchemist is certainly a fool and a fraud but the greater fool is the patron.
The shift will be driven by the increasing power and strength of emerging market economies, with six countries – Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Russia and south korea – accounting for more than half of global growth in 14 years.
The group is keen to ex-tend its reach, especially in western and central China, and is focusing on areas from healthcare to digital.
If any financial institution embodies what “too big to fail” means, it might be Germany’s Deutsche Bank.
Bob Greifeld, chief executive of Nasdaq, yesterday ruled out any quick move to sell the US exchange's 28.75 per cent stake in the london stock Exchange, insisting it would hold on to it for at least 18 months.
In a letter to president donald Trump, the former Bank of Israel chief said he would leave in October for “personal reasons”, which he did not detail. The 73-year-old’s term, which began in May 2014, was not due to expire until June next year.
There is also widespread expectation of greater volatility in the hong kong market this year.
On the same day Oracle tapped bond markets for $5bn, the biggest debt offering by a tech company in 18 months, to finance its purchase of BEA Systems.
Sotheby's sold 218 Damien Hirst items for &pound 111m, hours after the collapse of Lehman Brothers investment bank last month.
“Liu Yao is the son of peasants,” says Zou Zongcheng, a partner at Liu's Shenzhen law firm, Guangdong Wisdom & Fortune, who observed the appeal. “He understands the importance of land and knows how to endure hardship. He never took any money from those villagers.”
European shares fell heavily again, with the FTSE Eurofirst 300 index dropping 1.6 per cent.
Guo is not China’s richest man  nor is he the flashiest, nor – according to him – even the cleverest. But in his 47 years, he has risen from peasant penury to having so much money that the desire to be rich no longer gets him up in the morning.
Jaguar Land Rover is opening an engine plant in China today, its first outside the UK, as the premium carmaker ramps up its international expansion.
international olympic committee inspectors visiting Beijing yesterday acknowledged pollution might force the rescheduling of some events next August, but expressed confidence that special measures would help clear the air, according to Associated Press. “As far as we're concerned, there is no blame to be addressed,” AP quoted IOC team leader Hein Verbruggen as saying. “We all know that the development of this country and the development of this city has accelerated or enhanced the air quality problems.”
Packed dirt paths weave through clusters of small houses with tin roofs and outdoor latrines. Cows, goats and chickens wander calmly through yards near thatch sheds. In fields at the foot of the village, barefoot men, women and children dig drainage ditches by prying soil from the earth with a pole and moving the black clods with their hands.
China in August sparked Hong Kong’s worst political turmoil in decades by revealing a plan for electoral reform that would allow people to vote for chief executive — the top political job in the territory — for the first time but would also in effect bar critics of Beijing from getting onto the ballot.
But China’s tolerance for polluting vehicles — the market is dominated by cars powered by petrol engines — is now drawing to an end. A rollout of new legislation due to be completed by 2020 aims to tighten China’s rules on cars’ emissions and fuel economy, bringing them into line with western countries and thereby curbing the industry’s contribution to global warming and air pollution.
Certainly, these facts tell a story. But it is only partial. Underlying much of the head-shaking about Japan are two assumptions. The first is that a successful economy is one in which foreign businesses find it easy to make money. By that yardstick Japan is a failure and post-war Iraq a glittering triumph. The second is that the purpose of a national economy is to outperform its peers.
It is also important to consider which pathway to a dream is more likely to enthuse and motivate the younger generation in China and America.
"We do know that some people who are asymptomatic, or some people who don't have symptoms, can transmit the virus on," she said. "What we need to better understand is how many of the people in the population don't have symptoms and, separately, how many of those individuals go on to transmit to others."
The heat has warmed the rivers on which Germany, Belgium and France rely to cool power plants. With the temperature of the Rhine last month reaching 28°C in places, Germany restricted the amount of cooling water nuclear power stations could siphon from tributaries. France raised the temperature ceiling at which power stations are allowed to drain water into rivers, but EDF, the country’s largest electricity producer, was nonetheless forced to import power.
These include Lael Brainard, another former Clinton official, who is tipped to be nominated as the senior international official at the Treasury and Daniel Benjamin, who will head up the counter-terrorist job at the state department under Hillary Clinton.
greenhouse gas emissions caused by human activity such as burning fuels like coal and gas were responsible for the majority of the “unequivocal” global warming that occurred over the past 60 years, the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on climate change found.
That’s why western capitalism has triumphed for the past 150 years: it gave us the best knowledge to explore economic combinations. Capitalism does not need to be re-thought or re-invented  it simply has to be re-discovered.
hillary clinton and mitt romney were yesterday scrambling to rescue faltering presidential campaigns as opinion polls showed momentum continuing to shift against them ahead of tomorrow's New Hampshire primary.
Microsoft almost doubled revenues from its cloud computing service Azure in the most recent quarter, as it battles to narrow the gap with Amazon in the fast-growing market for corporate web services.
First, those who tell him to liberalise for the sake of the nation, or even his presidency, will go unheeded. Likewise those who counsel him to quit Ukraine. Neither relaxation of control nor retreat has ever been a Putin trait. It is more likely he will stay the course. To do otherwise would signal weakness.
Why The literary associations begun by the Benton family continued with the second owner, literary critc Joel Spingarn, who regularly entertained Sinclair Lewis, Ernest Hemingway and Theodore Roosevelt.
However, even on the mainland there is rivalry. Authorities are building up Tianjin, a city near Beijing, as an alternative centre of commerce and finance.
It is still unclear what what happened after Knight’s computers started making bad trades (the off swich is usually at the back, people) and how much it will cost to get the sytem working right. There are also unknown liabilties from regulatory fines, and shareholder lawsuits. And calls for better controls on these systems, which could cost money and affect how, and at what margins, Knight and its peers do business in the future.
The 2006 nobel prize for Economics has been awarded to Edmund Phelps of columbia university for his work in the late 1960s overturning the conventional wisdom that a stable relationship existed between inflation and unemployment.
It said: “We note a lack of confidence in the UK as an investment opportunity for our Swiss headquarters. We can’t predict what our costs are going to be in the next year, let alone in four or five years, which is what you need for investment decisions.”/b
british airways and Australia's Qantas yesterday abandoned their ambitious plan to create a &pound 4bn (&#8364 4.2bn) global carrier, saying they had failed to agree “over the key terms of a merger”.
His comments were clearly designed to show support for Japan, Washington’s most important ally in the region, but immediately prompted an angry response from China which says the US is trying to encircle it.
Long renowned for its thick industrial haze, China’s capital has over the past few months enjoyed more frequent blue skies.
Copper prices may face further declines as inventories have doubled this year and are back at levels last seen in April 2004, when prices were less than half their current level of $6,400 a tonne.
Fourth, do you remember the lecturing by US officials, not least to the Japanese, about the importance of letting asset prices reach equilibrium and transparency enter markets as soon as possible? That, however, was in a far-off country. Now we see Hank Paulson, us treasury secretary, trying to organise a cartel of holders of toxic securitised assets in the “superSIV”. More importantly, we see the us treasury intervene directly in the rate-setting process on mortgages, in an attempt to shore up the housing market. Either, or both, of these ideas might be good ones (though I strongly doubt it). But they are at odds with what the US has historically recommended to other countries in a similar plight. Not for a long time will people listen to us officials lecture on the virtues of free financial markets with a straight face.
Policymakers in China are very much aware of the mounting downside risks to economic growth. bank lending quotas, which have been the centrepiece of recent tightening initiatives, have now been relaxed. The pace of currency appreciation has also slowed – a sharp departure from the accelerated rate of revaluation that had been evident in late 2007 and early 2008. And policy interest rates have been left unchanged in a rising inflationary climate – keeping real short-term interest rates close to zero, a highly stimulative position for any country's monetary policy. In short, China's pro-growth policy bias is once again coming though loud and clear, reflecting a shift in its policy stance that seems traceable to events far bigger than the Olympics.
Even in an economy with the scale of China, Evergrande is a behemoth. And it is an heavily indebted one, with total borrowings of about $120bn at the end of June.
“The deal provides a significant boost for investors in low-carbon technology,” said Abyd Karmali, head of carbon markets at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, adding this was an achievement amid the woes of the eurozone crisis.
China's total debt has grown to more than 2.5 times GDP, according to Standard Chartered, from less than 1.5 times in 2008.
“We will continue to seek opportunities to buy other coal mine assets in China.”
Ms Tsai will travel to Hawaii during a week-long tour of three of Taiwan’s formal diplomatic allies in the Pacific, in a trip aimed at shoring up support in the face of pressure from Beijing which opposes recognition of the government in Taipei.
In the first five months of 2018, sales were still up, hitting a record 1.004m units. But the gain from a year ago was just 1.6 per cent, down from 2.5 per cent in April.
The start of the mass rollout of coronavirus vaccines promised a clear path out of the health and economic crisis that has gripped the world for the past 12 months. The emergence of mutated strains, particularly the south african variant and concerns over the effectiveness of the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine against it, has shifted the debate about how straight that path might be. The question now is not how quickly we go back to normality but what kind of normality that will be. The ever-changing threat that the virus presents means that some aspects of pandemic life may be here for the medium or even the long term. Any remaining hopes for the speedy eradication of Covid-19 look fanciful.
Since 2014, Alipay and WeChat have spent billions of renminbi on subsidies to merchants and consumers aimed at promoting adoption of their platforms. But spending on subsidies has slowed since early 2016 as the companies sought to cut expenses, with a decisive victory in the payments war by either side seeming impossible.
Some see the maturing of Asian bond markets as one of the most important consequences of the Belt and Road Initiative. Douglas Morton, head of Asia research at Northern Trust Capital Markets, suggests that the projects will help lead to the “development of a quasi-municipal bond market”.
But the question of whether many students are wasting their money on an irrelevant qualification is being more hotly debated than ever.
Ethics for ethics’ sake, money for heaven’s sake. Jean-Sébastien Jacques lost his job as chief executive after Rio Tinto blew up a sacred Aboriginal site. We learnt on Monday that his exit was cushioned by a 20 per cent rise in remuneration in 2020.
Cyrus Mistry, the ousted Tata Group chairman, has launched a blistering attack on his predecessor, Ratan Tata, claiming that five of the conglomerate’s largest businesses face asset writedowns of $18bn.
Isabelle Falque-Pierrotin, CNIL’s chairwoman, said that unless Google implements the recommended changes within three to four months, the dispute will “move on to another phase, which is a sanctions phase”.
Yingde, one of China’s largest suppliers of industrial gases, does not have a single controlling shareholder — which could leave investors such as Aberdeen Asset Management, BlackRock, Robeco and Oasis as kingmakers in the clash.
"A lot of these operations have been set up as family workshops in people's backyards, which makes it much harder for the government to control," she says. "You cannot buy these products in the supermarket, but they sell well in rural areas."
boris johnson has warned that the uk government will tighten restrictions on people’s lives if they fail to follow the “social distancing” rule of staying at least two metres from each other in public places.
“The surface of the earth would change greatly if brick architecture were everywhere displaced by glass architecture,” Paul Scheerbart, the German expressionist writer, wrote in 1914. “It would be as though the Earth clad itself in jewellery of brilliants and enamel. The splendour is absolutely unimaginable.” At about the same time it was being predicted that the horse manure that was piling up in the streets would soon reach the second storeys of buildings in central london and Manhattan.
Round your salary to the nearest 10,000, take off four zeros and that should be bra reasonable contribution for a leaver with whom you worked directly. If you didn't work with the person, anything that rattles should do fine.
India's culture ministry said that 3,000 monuments run by the Archeological Survey of India and hundreds of national museums would be shut down until at least March 31.
It emerged in February that DeepMind had developed AI technology that could analyse 3D retinal scans for signs of major eye diseases, such as glaucoma or diabetic retinopathy, after striking a partnership with London’s Moorfields Eye Hospital.
Industrial and commercial bank of China, the world’s largest commercial bank by total assets, posted a net profit of Rmb312bn ($44bn) for 2019, up 4.9 per cent from the previous year.
If a deal were to be agreed it would represent the largest export of military equipment by Japan since it adopted strict rules on weapons’ sales in the aftermath of the second world war.
In Mr Spitzer's first run for the attorney-general's office, in 1994, he came in last, even though he spent more than $4m. But he squeaked into office on his second attempt in 1998, in spite of revelations that his campaign was financed by loans from his father that violated the spirit, if not the letter, of New York's election laws.
The juxtaposition between clouds of electronic scrip on the one hand, and ultra-low bond yields on the other, is the financial non sequitur of 2015. If it does not concern the stewards of capital today, it may torment them tomorrow.
Regulatory changes are expected to affect both its payments and wealth management business. In the section on regulatory effects on its operations, the memo predicts that Ant’s money market fund will grow at only 6 per cent per year, reaching Rmb2tn in 2023.
"We are pretty pessimistic that they can get their act together," says Duncan Clark, BDA chairman. "Netcom has always been a political animal, and we think the two will be preoccupied with internal reorganisation for the next two years or so." The government says it will use asymmetric regulation, or steps that benefit the challengers, to straighten out imbalances. As a first step, it is encouraging carriers to share infrastructure.
In real terms, average gross wages in Poland rose more than 7 per cent in the first nine months of 2007 and in Romania by nearly 16 per cent, according to the Vienna-based Wiiw research institute.
On Monday, though, the market showed a little credulity. Sony announced that it would form joint ventures with the China’s Shanghai Oriental Pearl Group to make and sell Sony’s PlayStation game consoles in that country. The gaming business was unprofitable last year, but Sony is a technology leader in gaming and the market has only two real competitors. With the scale the China deal can help to bring, the business could be quite profitable. The shares rose 3 per cent. If the business is right, the market will hold out hopes for Sony Electronics.
Strategists said that the bond sale would be significant if it were the first in a series of dollar deals of differing maturities that aimed to give chinese companies a yardstick from which to value their own deals.
Sure, us equities now look cheap – the forward price/earnings ratio of the S&P500 is just 12 times compared with an average of 17 since 1923. But they also looked tempting on 15 times four months ago. Stocks can overshoot on the downside. Still, in the past 14 recessions, the average trough valuation has been 11 times, according to Capital Economics. But just as the “p” sometimes falls too far, the “e” can also plummet. That is the worry now: corporate profits are collapsing and investors are losing hope that there is anything the government, the Fed or anybody else can do about it.
Some will be tempted to dismiss the statistics as irrelevant book-learning, and declare that only personal experience matters. There is certainly something in that, especially when a situation is fast-moving or contains soft, hard-to-quantify details. As the nobel laureate economist Friedrich Hayek remarked, the “knowledge of the particular circumstances of time and place” is important and often neglected.
This plan is far better than loans and loan guarantees, as proposed by the German government. Businesses will take up loans only to ensure their survival through the crisis, not necessarily to pay their workers. Moreover, loans will have to be repaid, creating a burden when the pandemic ends. In this proposed programme, however, payments can be made conditional on keeping workers. The programme will also end naturally, with the pandemic itself. Governments can then impose additional taxes to recoup their outlays.
But it seems far too optimistic to simply brush aside this phase of US-China tariffs. Trump’s 18 June statement threatening tariffs on up to $400bn of additional china imports hangs over Friday’s fully anticipated actions.
Most of the world’s internet titans are snapping up mobile apps and start-ups, from WhatsApp to AutoNavi to Viber. Sina is going the opposite way. It has appointed banks for a partial spinout of its Weibo platform, a Twitter-like microblog for the Chinese market. Why exit as others mob the entrance?
The increase — which is largely caused by China and developing countries — suggests the world is straying further from the course set at the landmark UN conference in Paris two years ago. Countries agreed at the time to limit the rise in global temperatures to no more than 2ºC from the pre-industrial era. But scientists warn that the emission reduction pledges made by individual governments since then do not go far enough to secure that overarching goal.
Last year, Yasuhiko Henmi, a car mechanic, started a side business selling battery powered scooters from his shop on the outskirts of Toyoma, an industrial town in north-eastern Japan.
But any fresh engagement must take the longer view. The challenge is to bring north korea in from a largely self-imposed isolation. That requires sober evaluation of Mr Kim's 15-year rule – and indeed, dare one hope, a long overdue rethink by a man, no fool, who can surely grasp that he has led his country into a cul-de-sac.
New figures showed that the us economy lost only 20,000 jobs in April – fewer than in the previous three months and far fewer than the 80,000 expected – while unemployment declined from 5.1 per cent to 5 per cent. Carlos Gutierrez, commerce secretary, told the FT: “This is another sign of the resilience of the economy.”
Israel’s military said on Saturday night that it had prevented “multiple killer drones” attacking Israel “by striking Iranian Quds Force operatives and Shia Militia targets in Syria”.
The winning group offered a bid that was above analysts’ full-value estimate of around $3.06 a share, according to a person involved.
The immediate response may be that so naked a scam is inconceivable. Well, imagine a fund that leverages investors' money by borrowing massively in short-term money markets in order to purchase higher-yielding paper. Assume, again, that the premium gives a correct estimate of the risk. With sufficient leverage, this fund, too, is likely to make profits for years. But it is also very likely to be wiped out, at some point. Does this strategy sound familiar? It certainly should by now.
chinese property tycoon wang jianlin has embarked on a big asset reshuffling within his empire to reduce the leverage of Dalian Wanda’s listed arm as regulators increase the pressure on acquisitive dealmakers to cut debt.
The expense of rebuilding can be estimated. Barclays Capital gives a range of Y5,000bn-Y10,000bn ($60bn-$120bn). Barring further nuclear-related damage, the final count could well come at the lower end. The cost of reconstruction after the 1995 Kobe earthquake was Y10,000bn, but as of Thursday National Police Agency counts suggest far less damage this time: 12 per cent as many damaged or collapsed buildings.
west texas Intermediate, the us oil price benchmark, fell below $0 last week for the first time ever in response to the slump in global demand for fuel triggered by the coronavirus pandemic.
The chinese leadership has escalated its campaign against over-investment, the key driver of economic growth, disclosing that it reprimanded a provincial governor for building a power plant in contravention of central government rules.
Spurred on by government incentives and higher in-comes, chinese consumers are hungry for all kinds of goods ranging from cars, home appliances and mob-ile phones, to luxury cosmetics, basic foods and homecare products. Just like most western consumers, they focus on good value, based on price, perceived quality and benefits. They are eager to learn about new products, and view brands as vouchsafing both reliability and status.
“We have to be prepared for the difficult times awaiting us,” said Mikio Watatsuki, former executive director of the Bank of Japan.
Should I try to fit in a bit better? Or must I remain an ageing curiosity, a sort of embarrassing elderly relative? Help.
The next morning I was served breakfast featuring scores of blinis and silver troughs of caviar. I felt sick. I love caviar – and this was as good as it gets – but neither I nor my two companions could possibly get through this many fish eggs.
When Saudi Arabia, Opec’s de facto leader, sent prices tumbling in 2014 by refusing to cut crude production in the face of a growing global glut, some expected that the US industry would swiftly collapse. Since 2008, oil production in the US has been transformed by advances in hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, and horizontal drilling, which made it viable to extract crude from previously unprofitable shale rock. But US producers had relatively high costs, and had been unable to cover their capital spending from their cash flows, relying on a steady supply of debt and equity capital to stay in business.
The drills, the third this week, were seen as part of efforts by Mr Lee, who visited a frontline military unit on Thursday, to present a stronger image following heavy public criticism of the south korean military’s response to North Korea’s deadly attack on Yeonpyeong island last month.
More than 25bn apps have been downloaded from Apple’s App Store, the company has announced in a milestone that highlights the shift to a new model for computing, digital content, software and the web.
Cryptocurrencies have been crashing again. Bitcoin has slumped to its lowest price in more than a year. More than $600bn in claimed “market capitalisation” has vanished from the universe of pseudo-money and digital tokens since early January.
Tencent Music Entertainment on Monday launched its initial public offering as global stock markets rallied after a weekend ceasefire in the trade war between the US and China.
Recall that demand from China for western goods, combined with China’s aggressive fiscal policy, played a big part in getting the world out of the 2008 crisis. At one point, hopes that China would bail out Europe were dashed when chinese officials rightly chided western governments for irresponsible economic policies.
Supercomputers are typically used by governments and research institutions for highly complex computations in areas ranging from nuclear energy to astrophysics to life sciences.
The central intelligence agency is stepping up its reliance on Amazon’s burgeoning cloud computing infrastructure, as US spymasters look to use cloud-based commercial software in their analytical work.
The benefits, says Mr Schiff, are not confined to labour exporting countries.
The latest Fed move is designed to ease liquidity strains in financial markets by allowing primary dealers to swap their mortgage-backed securities for Treasuries, which they can in turn use to raise cash.
Peanuts no longer cost peanuts. The price of the bar snack has leapt to a record high on the back of scorching weather and severe drought in key growing regions.
“We realise . . . that there are many talented and well-intentioned security experts around the world who don’t work for Facebook,” wrote Joe Sullivan, Facebook’s chief security officer, on the company’s blog on Monday evening. “We established this bug bounty ­programme in an effort to recognise and reward these individuals for their good work and encourage others to join.”
Should one simply classify these declarations as flights of fancy, articulated in the heat of battle, and pay little heed? Perhaps, but one cannot exclude the possibility that at election time politicians, freed from the constraints of office, may be saying what they really think or, indeed, what they think the people really think. And it just may be that they will feel the need at least to attempt to deliver on their promises.
Dollar-denominated exports rose 9.1 per cent year on year, according to official statistics released on Thursday, besting a median forecast from economists polled by Reuters of a 3.2 per cent drop and recovering from a  4.4 per cent decline in December.
But transferring shares without payment raises issues, even when kept within the family. There may be no land grabs or oligarchs tossed into jail, as in Russia, but China is in effect ordering owners to surrender assets for free. This is unusual, even by China's standards. When assets were transferred into china investment Corp, the sovereign wealth fund paid for them via a complex bond financing.
Most companies caught up in Chinese investigations — most notably anti-competition probes launched by the National Development and reform commission — have concluded that discretion is the better part of valour. No company has complained publicly about what many see as the NDRC’s alleged bias against overseas groups or its tough tactics, such as discouraging executives from bringing lawyers to meetings.
Although the idea is only a proposal, if implemented it would represent a landmark exercise in linking the Chinese financial system to hong kong and to global financial markets. Until now, Shanghai and hong kong have largely operated independently.
China’s communist party has a difficult relationship with history. The party represents an awkward, one could say irreconcilable, confluence of change and continuity. On the one hand it wants to be seen as the guardian of the revolution that began in October 1911 and ended with the abdication of Puyi, the last emperor of China, in February 1912. On the other, it stresses its own permanence, and continuity with thousands of years of imperial rule. Having come to power by virtue of two revolutions, the republican one of 1911 and the Communist one of 1949, the party now wants to consign the idea of overthrowing governments to the dustbin of history.
After years of relying on “take it or leave it” technology that often failed to match their ambitions, business schools wishing to create virtual worlds or campuses for their students are taking matters into their own hands.
Mr Wolfowitz's decision to keep the bank's top lawyer out of the negotiations on terms and conditions for Ms Riza “was inconsistent with the principle of good governance and concern for the interests of the bank”, it says.
The battle for influence in the world between the west and China is not Africa's problem. Our continent is in a hurry to build infrastructure, ensure affordable energy and educate our people. In many African nations, African leaders are striving to reinforce robust economic growth in a sustainable manner and reduce “brain-drain” incentives that have led to an exodus of well-educated Africans to Europe.
The focus of concern is shifting from the markets – although these remain dangerously stressed – to the wider economy, where the consumer finally appears to be cracking.
But many of the executives in charge of making that call do not appear ready to switch into recession mode just yet. In their view, battening down the hatches at a time when their markets are still growing would be, quite simply, bad business.
“What's being created is a new platform. We're maybe at the 1994/1995 stage and the release of Netscape in terms of its immaturity,” says Mr Steiger of a world that is seen by some as the model for a next-generation 3D web.
The declaration will aid relief operations and help restore order in devastated communities amid escalating looting.
Hans Dieter P?tsch, VW's chief financial officer, said: “We may have to pass on some of these costs to the customer. We are discussing this at the moment . . . There seem to be some price hikes in the second half of this year coming to the market.”
You either love or loathe smelly French cheese. But consumers in China no longer have the choice after authorities banned imported mould-ripened cheese in the country, spreading despair among fans of Camembert and Roquefort.
As pressure mounts on Tesla founder elon musk to detail his plan to take the company private, the FT looks at the potential sources of funding.
US employers shed 63,000 jobs last month, the highest number for five years according to the US labour department.
Having said all of this, a Detroit bail-out is going to happen anyway, so how can the US get the most from its flawed investment?
Will emerging markets make a comeback in 2014? It may seem unlikely given the losses seen during the summer, but some strategists and fund managers think so.
But if philanthropy is the aim, why not raise more revenue and give more away? "We don't have any genius for giving money away. It's difficult and time consuming. We give away 1 per cent of our revenues, and that is hard."
Even his programme for addressing the needs of have-nots, his unfortunately named b“re-challenge” plan/b（a href="http://news.xinhuanet.com/mrdx/2006-09/02/content 5039284.htm" target= blankhttp://news.xinhuanet.com/mrdx/2006-09/02/content_5039284.htm/a ）, focuses more on self-help than government handouts. “I would like to establish a society where even the losers have another chance to try again,” mr abe told the FT recently. “We should not have a society where just one segment of the population has opportunities.”
The FSC said it would amend regulations on the qualifications of banking executives to ban chairmen, presidents and other senior executives from holding similar posts at non-financial companies.
Tata Consultancy Services, India’s largest outsourcing services group, last month said that it would double its headcount in China, a clear signal that the Indian sector is keeping a close eye on a market that could evolve into a serious competitor.
China, a surveillance state where authorities have unchecked access to citizens’ histories, is seeking to look into their future with technology designed to predict and prevent crime.
Talks could be concluded by the end of the year, according to Mohamed Thiam, the country's minister of mines, potentially pitching Chinese interests directly against those of the west at a time of growing competition for African resources.
Fierce debate over a proposed shake-up of Hong Kong’s listing regime has resulted in claims that detractors are turkeys scared of Christmas and even split publicly the city’s Listing Committee — the nexus of the territory’s role as the world’s largest venue for public floats.
It is not hard to imagine that in five years’ time China’s ambitions and technological progress, particularly in mitigating climate change, will determine the state of the world.
As China is recording large trade surpluses, reserves could still rise this year towards $2,000bn but economists believe the period of explosive growth is over and reserves might even start to decline.
chinese police detained several dozen chinese investors who lost money in the collapse of a metals trading scheme before they could participate in a protest in Beijing yesterday, amid a crackdown on dissent.
Recent high global commodity prices have prevented many companies successfully filing antidumping cases, as it is harder to show they have been damaged by artificially low import prices.
We should hardly be surprised that the beneficiaries of the communist banking system are squealing. There are many siren warnings of the consequences of more regulation. Don’t kill the golden goose, they say. Many in banking seem not to have noticed that they recently brought the world economy to its knees.
The inhabitants of many virtual worlds deserve to have their property protected. No player who “buys” hotels in Monopoly with fictional money believes that he or she should keep them when a game ends. But those who live in virtual worlds often invest a lot more time and effort in them than Monopoly players: they may spend hours a day for years building characters and homes.
Third, Tokyo and Beijing must learn to “walk and chew gum” at the same time. China and Japan are not allies, but they do not have to be adversaries. For the foreseeable future, the geopolitical rivalry, differences in their political institutions, the bitter legacy of history and the lack of mutual trust will continue to limit the upside potential of Sino-Japanese relations.
Even in an economy that has grown at 10 per cent annually in the past three decades, the debate remains: is this success due to government control or the effect of the free market? The answer to this critical question will define China’s future. Will it continue its unfinished free-market reforms or end our 30-year transition where we are now? Do China’s economic problems and social frictions result from market reforms themselves or from bottlenecks and backward steps in the reform process? Is China’s state-dominated economic model a transitional arrangement that has achieved its ends or an innovation that should be strengthened?
Fewer companies are listing shares on public stock markets this year as trade tensions between the US and China and a dimming growth outlook deter businesses.
Mr DiPascali, who has agreed to co-operate with prosecutors, told the court how he, mr madoff and unnamed others manufactured millions of pages of fake documents, regularly lied to investors and regulators, and moved money to London and back to throw watchdogs off the scent of the decades-long scheme.
Qantas in August reported record full-year profits and forecast a 30 per cent improvement in the current fiscal year to more than A$1.3bn ($1.2bn).
“This move could allay concerns that AOL has had difficulty attracting key talent and is an indication that AOL's improved prospects are getting more attention in the internet marketplace,” said Aryeh Bourkoff, analyst at UBS.
The us senate and House homeland security committees reached a deal late on Tuesday evening over legislation aimed at implementing recommendations made by the 9/11 commission established to investigate the 2001 terror attacks on the US.
business schools also have an easier time placing former military personnel in the workforce, says Mr Caleel. “Employers love candidates with good military experience,” he says.
Well, $24bn of write-downs later – a mere 10 times its maximum estimate – the company has burned through its equity, spread financial chaos to all corners of the earth and humiliated the US Treasury. The job of insurance companies is to guard others against catastrophes, not cause them.
Just as Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook, and Jack Dorsey, chief executive of Twitter, appeared to pass unscathed through a Senate Intelligence committee hearing about Russian interference on US elections, Jeff Sessions, the attorney-general, announced a new line of attack.
The Fed’s steady-as-she-goes policy – which was widely expected after it launched a radical third round of quantitative easing in September – suggests it will wait for greater clarity on tax and spending decisions before taking further action.
Overall, commerce between China and sub-Saharan Africa last year was $69.6bn, down from $82bn in 2008 due to the effects of the global economic downturn. It is already bouncing back this year. The value of sub-Saharan Africa’s imports from China tends to be lower than the value of its exports to China, but not always and not by much: over the past decade imports were worth between 65 per cent and 105 per cent of the value of exports. One key part of what’s heading to Africa from China is manufactured goods. The low prices of many chinese consumer goods mean they fit neatly with African demands and help broaden the range of products African consumers can buy: particularly footwear, furniture, lighting, textiles, electronic toys and pharmaceuticals. The countries with the largest proportion of imports coming from China are the tiny economies of Togo, Botswana and Lesotho, which are buying mainly fabrics and clothing. But more African money is spent on machinery and transport equipment. As the African development bank noted in a paper in July, that is “linked to the strong presence of Chinese firms in the infrastructure sector, specifically in telecommunications, road construction and [the] construction of numerous public buildings”. Many of those chinese companies have won building contracts linked to concessional financing from state-owned Chinese financial institutions. In absolute terms south africa is the biggest importer from China, bringing in telecoms equipment, computers and other goods that accounted for 26 per cent of all sub-Saharan imports last year. Of the biggest economies, south africa also has the most balanced trade relationship with the Asian superpower: its exports of ores and precious metals helped it to contribute 15 per cent of all sub-Saharan exports to China last year. The largest exporter is Angola and the majority of its shipments are oil. The same is true for Sudan, the second biggest exporter, which sends over 60 per cent of its exports to China, making it one of the most reliant on the Asian country. In both Sudan and Angola, Chinese state-owned companies have played a crucial role in developing the energy sector since the 1990s. The list of top exporters is completed by the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Republic of Congo, and Equatorial Guinea - and those six alone account for a remarkable 86 per cent of sub-Saharan exports to China. Outside that group shipments fall off sharply, demonstrating how China’s mineral grab is concentrated in just a few places and is not yet a pan-continental trend. In spite of the high proportion of oil and minerals in the export figures, the share declined marginally as Africa’s manufactured exports rose to 8 per cent of the total last year, up from about half of that proportion at the start of the decade. But most manufacturing is still about making products derived from raw materials such as copper, iron, silver and aluminium. Many African governments would like produce higher-value products - and to encourage that China is investing more in African industrial parks and special economic zones. However, one senior us official has described China in Africa as “a pernicious economic competitor with no morals”, according to a WikiLeaks cable. If that is accurate, the China-Africa trade balance is unlikely to shift.
Speaking to the top brass of China’s Peoples Liberation Arm on Tuesday, Mr Hagel reiterated US objections to China’s self-declared air defence identification zone over disputed islands in the east china sea which Beijing put in place in November last year.
The show trial of Ms Gu may in fact turn out to be less about her alleged crimes than about stage-managing a smooth leadership transition for the communist party in the autumn.
However, he warns, there is a potential downside. Sports are, by their nature, competitive and not everyone is good at them: "There are people who can be a bit self-conscious and you need to ensure you don't marginalise them. So you might use introductory days that only beginners go to."
The meaning of these terms would seem obvious to anyone trained in basic statistics. Scientists think in terms of confidence intervals – they are inclined to accept a hypothesis if the probability that it is true exceeds 95 per cent. “Beyond reasonable doubt” appears to be a claim that there is a high probability that the hypothesis – the defendant’s guilt – is true. Perhaps criminal conviction requires a higher standard than the scientific norm – 99 per cent or even 99.9 per cent confidence is required to throw you in jail. “On the balance of probabilities” must surely mean that the probability the claim is well founded exceeds 50 per cent.
Citigroup’s position just behind those names will reflect its smaller role in the preparations and the smaller share it is set to earn of what could be one of the largest paydays from an IPO, these people said.
Cheetah Mobile, a spin-off of Kingsoft, China’s largest software maker, on Wednesday announced plans to hire a US-based chief technology officer and base its research and development in the country.
The US group, which manages assets worth $47bn in Japan, most of it in equities, is looking to move the operation and about seven staff within the year. Analysts and investment managers would remain in Tokyo.
Jin Linbo, senior fellow of the China Institute of International Studies, also predicts a flare-up. “Probably mr abe will say or do something that China will view as unacceptable,” he says. “The confrontation between mr abe and China is something very philosophical. So it cannot be easily changed.”b/b
The furore gives a government led by upper-class Conservatives an unmissable opportunity to bash the opposition Labour party. The Co-operative Group, owner of Co-op Bank, was set up in the 19th century as a self-help organisation for workers. The mutual business, whose interests range from shopkeeping to undertaking, is intrinsic to the Labour movement.
The Qantas board agreed to study their proposal, but is understood to have been putting pressure in the past week on the potential bidders to raise their A$11bn ($8.7bn) indicative offer after a recent earnings upgrade.
He said Greece, where more than 700,000 have landed, may have to increase its “reception capacity” to at least 100,000. Athens has committed to about half that, insisting Greece did not want to become a giant refugee camp.
Niu Shengnan, a Qianxihe spokesman, said the use of growth hormones in pig-rearing was standard in China, but eating meat produced this way could conceivably cause competitors to fail anti-doping tests.
Carlos Soussa-Lennox, a spokesman for the firm, told the financial times that the inspection — which local media reports suggested had started at 3pm local time — was still under way eight hours later.
“China continues to focus on ensuring that developing countries have equal access to appropriate, safe and effective vaccines,” she added.
Vattenfall has spent &#8364 70m on the construction of the Schwarze Pumpe pilot plant. If it is a success, the group plans to spend several billion euros on three larger 250MW-350MW demonstration plants in Germany, Norway and Denmark by the middle of the next decade.
Money can’t buy you love but it can buy things in China that may not be on the market in some other countries — such as a surrogate drinker-cum-sexual harassment decoy for your wedding, in the form of a bridesmaid for hire.
“It is a long process,” mr pompeo told reporters in Seoul. “We made significant progress. We’ll continue to make significant progress.”
However, such optimism is tinged with a concern that in some countries households are already spending well beyond their means — enticed by cheap credit as interest rates fall to historic lows. Capital Economics names South Korea, Thailand and Malaysia as places where middle class exuberance might be running over.
China’s growth slowed to 6.5 per cent in the year to the third quarter, the slowest rate since the global financial crisis. Shock! Not! The slowdown does not suggest anything is wrong. It is insignificant in itself  the economy is still growing strongly. Above all, it is time the world stopped obsessing over China’s growth targets and focused on what matters: the quality and sustainability of China’s economic development.
Steel and aluminium are weighing on US farmers’ minds after the US decision to impose tariffs on steel and aluminium imports.
In the hope of avoiding the mark's meltdown, the economist john maynard keynes had repeatedly called for a general cancellation of the war debts and reparations arising from the first world war. Though no such inter- governmental jubilee was ever proclaimed, debt cancellation was effectively what happened after 1931, beginning with President Herbert Hoover's one-year moratorium on both war debts and reparations.
Debt creates fragility. The question is how to escape from the trap. To answer it, we need to analyse why today’s global economy has become so debt-dependent. That did not happen because of the idle whims of central bankers, as many suppose. It happened because of an excessive desire to save relative to investment opportunities. This has suppressed real interest rates and made demand far too reliant on debt.
Analysts have slashed growth forecasts for the fourth quarter to 2 per cent or below with many expecting a hit of about 0.5 percentage points from the prolonged shutdown. But many said the economy would bounce back quickly with federal employees back at work.
The flight to safety drove the yield on three-month Treasury bills below 0.5 per cent, down from 1.45 per cent just two days before. The benchmark three-month London interbank offered rate jumped 26.5 basis points to 3.476 per cent.
Gary Greenberg, head of emerging markets at Federated Hermes, argued there were both “advantages and disadvantages” to the current Asia-centric composition of the MSCI index.
American presidents sometimes give interviews in the Oval Office. On this occasion barack obama chooses the nearby Roosevelt room, named after Teddy Roosevelt and his distant relative Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the last American president to be faced with a global economic crisis of this magnitude.
Investment in chinese banks always used to be described in vague strategic terms  Deutsche flannelled about “consumer affluence” and “increasing financial sophistication” when it took its original 9.9 per cent stake almost five years ago. Increasingly, it is about hard numbers. Average return on equity at China's listed lenders was 20 per cent at their last filing – double the average for the world's top 100 non-Chinese banks. Deutsche, for its part, is becoming worryingly exposed to investment banking: its corporate banking and securities division accounted for 93 per cent of pre-tax profit in the first quarter. If you want to make a bigger bet on retail banking, there are few better places than China to do it.
british airways on Wednesday became the first big global carrier to suspend direct flights to and from mainland China, a move followed by Germany’s Lufthansa along with its subsidiaries Swiss Air and Austrian Airlines.
BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen tripled their sales of electrified vehicles to almost 600,000 last year, the companies said, outpacing Tesla in Europe as they raced to meet new CO2 reduction targets.
The judges issued a judgment of impeccable logic and clarity. To those, including the government and the high court in London, that argued prorogation is a political matter and no business of the courts they delivered a resounding rejoinder. Courts have for centuries exercised supervisory jurisdiction over whether government actions are lawful. In 1611, a court held that the King — who was then the government — “hath no prerogative but that which the law of the land allows him”.
This is a striking quirk of today’s American “markets” — and it should give investment groups and regulators pause for thought. Back in the last tech boom at the end of the 20th century, when a tech company swelled it usually tried to list swiftly on an exchange. Getting on to a public market gave a young company credibility — and it was essential if a company needed large chunks of capital for investment, or a mechanism to enable its early employees to cash in their options.
I am an advertising “suit” who has just done something unfortunate at our Christmas party. After the meal I went out drinking with the newest member of my team who is ambitious, attractive...and dangerous. You can imagine the rest. The next day I tried to apologise and say it was a mistake. She refused to accept that, and is clearly expecting a repeat performance. If I am any more blunt, I am worried she will spill the beans internally, or tell my wife. Help. Advertising exec, male, 36
“How is your Chinese?” I ask Stuart Fuller, the Hong Kong-based global managing partner of King & Wood Mallesons, the Australian-Chinese law firm. “It’s terrible,” he says. Chinese is a tonal language. The key to learning it, he thinks, is being musical. “I am terrible at music,” Mr Fuller says. “If I ever sing, my four children say: ‘Stop it!’”
With donald trump moving into the White House, ms merkel has faced calls to assume the mantle of leader of the western liberal world from Barack Obama. She dismisses the demands as “grotesque and absurd,” but she may not have much choice in the matter. The job is thrust upon her by the lack of another plausible candidate and the admirable positions she has staked out. She has pledged to fight for democracy, free trade and open societies, and has refused to leave the field to nationalists, whether Mr Trump, Russia’s vladimir putin or Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban.
The us government and 49 state prosecutors have struck an agreement with five of the nation’s leading banks worth up to $40bn to resolve allegations that the institutions systematically abused borrowers in their pursuit of improper home seizures.
The yen outflows may have helped to halt the recent appreciation of the Japanese currency, after signs that some global investors pulled out of risky assets last week and reduced their use of the carry trade – the practice of borrowing in low yielding assets, such as the yen, to buy higher-yielding assets.
It is perhaps no coincidence that on the day news of the iron ore price first leaked, the industry association announced that profits last year increased by nearly 50 per cent. Some analysts estimate that profit margins rose in China for the first time in four years and prices have already risen this year.
Fresh doubts about the strength of the economic recovery emerged yesterday after the Bank of England's rate-setting committee surprised markets by voting to pump an extra &pound 50bn ($84bn) into the economy.
wall street is focusing efforts on building up single name credit default swaps, a derivatives contract that tracks the risk of default by a company that sells bonds. Regulators sought to clamp down on this market after the crisis as it was widely blamed for helping to inflate the credit bubble.
us authorities are seeking extradition of the 47-year-old, alleging he helped former US army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning leak a treasure trove of official documents and cables. The us justice department indictment, filed in March last year but unsealed yesterday, accused Mr Assange of helping Ms Manning try to crack a password to Pentagon computers.
Yet the outlook for Gome, one of China's largest retailers and the largest seller of home appliances, now appears much less certain.
Microsoft has a strong internship and campus recruitment programme, says Malcolm Bentley, Microsoft’s regional staffing director in Beijing. Its MBA hire programme is now in its third year. “This is an issue being driven by KT [Kevin Turner, chief operating officer at Microsoft] to enhance future leadership in Microsoft,” says Mr Bentley.
The negotiations between Vodafone and Li Ka-shing ‘s Hutchison Whampoa, the Hong Kong-based conglomerate that operates the Three mobile brand in Ireland, to create a shared grid have reached agreement although not formally signed.
In his speech at Boston Cathedral last week, barack obama did what a responsible president should do following a terrorist attack: he channelled the public’s reaction. “We do not hunker down,” he said. “We carry on.” It was a carefully judged oration. My colleague Christopher Caldwell even described it as possibly Mr Obama’s “finest hour”. Posterity will be the judge of that. We are still in the early days of the aftermath of Boston.
One bitten, twice shy? Not china investment Corporation, which suffered abuse for its disastrous $3bn punt on Blackstone. Investing ahead of the private equity house's $31 a share initial public offering, CIC watched the stock drop below $4, before recovering to today's $13.5. Older, wiser, it is venturing back into the same waters, with an innovative two-step transaction with Apax Partners.
Use of the renminbi in global payments fell last month, raising questions over how closely the currency’s path to internationalisation is tied to expected appreciation in the coming years.
The top us military commander for the Pacific yesterday warned that persistent poor communications between the Chinese and US militaries increased the risk that friction between their two navies could escalate into more serious incidents.
“I was rubbish at maths at school,” Mr Welch says. “But technology is only as difficult to learn as you make it.”
The government – apparently caught off-guard by the resignation – did not immediately announce a successor, raising questions about the direction of policymaking and internal tensions between the military and Gen Surayud Chulanont, the prime minister.
Lord Norman Foster is reputed to be a cold technocrat. The modernist architect behind HSBC’s hong kong building and Swiss Re’s “Gherkin” uses glass and steel, his interiors are often white. Profiles refer to his “bullet head” and portray him as inscrutable. The only architect in last year’s Sunday Times Rich List, he is renowned for being fiercely driven, having created a corporate machine unusual in an industry so vulnerable to recession and strewn with bankruptcies.
Lionel Messi starred in global advertisements this summer [2014]for samsung electronics but in Indonesia the Barcelona footballer is the face of Advan, a local brand that has taken a third of the country’s handset market.
The trip has all the trappings of an elaborate chess game aimed at reining in Chinese influence in the region. It was announced on the same day, a fortnight ago, that barack obama visited the northern Australia town where US marines will be based as part of a Washington effort to challenge Chinese designs on the south china Sea.
“The retail market is developing really fast and it has only 15, 16 years' experience in this system. It's not comparable to other developing countries in that sense,” Mr Jost says.
China has exonerated a supermarket tycoon jailed for fraud and corruption a decade ago in the first of several retrials of convicted entrepreneurs aimed at reassuring a private sector worried by state influence over the economy.
Non-financial companies are still rare visitors to the market, with only two significant domestic bond issues this year, from residential property developer Mirvac and the property investment trust DB Rreef. And the high-yield market is very small, with only A$450m issued in 2007.
Another prominent American seems to have gone out of his way to irritate both adversaries. Oliver Stone, the Hollywood director whose films include Born on the Fourth of July, last week berated Chinese film-makers for failing to probe their country’s history. Not so long ago it was the Japanese he was upbraiding, for what he said were inadequate apologies for past acts of war.
Russians sometimes say it is impossible to predict anything in their country – even the past. The heroes of one era are airbrushed from the next. The brave advances of one leader are denounced by his successors as hare-brained schemes. It is often difficult, as Boris Pasternak once wrote, to distinguish victories from defeats.
But Microsoft ran into trouble when the roll-out hit China last month. While users in other markets kept silent when hit by one of WGA's more extreme features, a mechanism that blackens the desktop background on computers found to be using counterfeit Windows, their Chinese peers broke into a storm of anger, forcing Microsoft officials in the country into damage control mode.
Qiangba Puncog, chairman of the Tibetan Autonomous Region government, said that the Dalai Lama's claims about the numbers of people killed in Tibet under communist rule were “fabrication and vilification”, Xinhua reported.
Corus, the Anglo-Dutch steelmaker, is today expected to agree to a &pound 5.1bn ($9.5bn) takeover by India’s Tata Steel in a deal that would create the world’s sixth biggest steel producer.
Everyone is talking about sovereign wealth funds. There are six countries whose governments are substantial international investors. Three are Middle Eastern ones – the united arab Emirates, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. Norway and Singapore have large funds. Then there is China. Other sovereign funds are smaller than the bigger pension funds, and the total assets even of the big six are marginal relative to the scale of privately controlled investments.
On the edge of Hong Kong’s Victoria Harbour, workers are building a cavernous station that will be the terminus for one of the most expensive high-speed rail links ever constructed. The $11bn fast train linking hong kong to mainland china is meant to be a showpiece for integration between the semi-autonomous territory and its mother country.
donald trump accused Democrats of trying to “steal the election” during an unscheduled appearance at the Republican National Convention shortly after he received the party’s presidential nomination on Monday.
royal bank of Scotland, deutsche bank and Société Générale are set to pay the fines next month to settle allegations that they acted in concert to manipulate either Euribor, Yen Libor or both benchmarks, according to people familiar with the talks.
ProfMedia, one of Russia's largest media groups controlled by the magnate Vladimir Potanin, has also mandated Bank of America-Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse for a London listing that could achieve a market value of up to $2bn. Both listings are expected to launch in the second half of the year.
For US venture-backed tech companies, the private market has outstripped the public market when it comes to raising capital this year. So far they have raised just $600m through initial public offerings, and 35 times as much — or $20bn — through private offerings, also known as “private IPOs”, according to CB Insights.
There is a striking difference between financial crises in memory and financial crises as they actually play out. In memory, they are a concatenation of disasters. But as they play out, the norm is moments of panic separated by lengthy stretches of apparent calm. It was eight months from the south korean crisis to the Russian default of 1998, six months from Bear Stearns’ demise to Lehman Brothers’ fall, and there were several 30 per cent stock market rallies between 1929 and 1933.
Foreigners — and their money — are also being wooed to professionalise China’s financial markets. The goal is to improve the allocation of capital and develop long-term pension and insurance products that will offer savers an alternative to speculating on property or accepting paltry returns on bank deposits.
That is typical Samsung. Since 1993, when Lee Kun-hee, its chairman, declared the “new management initiative” that transformed it from a consumer electronics also-ran to a world-beater, it has marched very rapidly in the direction set by its leaders. samsung electronics has not matched Apple in innovation but has remained closely in step.
Democrats demand bankruptcy provisions and curbs on executive pay for companies assisted, while a number of Republicans have expressed concerns about the intervention itself.
While Barclays' partnership with CDB may not have put any capital at risk, there could be less to gain. CDB brings access to chinese industrial companies, but it does not have a meaningful retail customer base – the main attraction for universal banks getting into China. The investments by RBS, HSBC and Standard Chartered have a clearer path to capturing revenues from retail banking customers. But these banks had to pay up for the privilege.
In his remarks during the meeting with Asean leaders, mr wen said the agreement “will mark a key step forward in the building of the China-Asean free trade area and lay the foundation for full and scheduled completion of the China-Asean FTA”.
capital flows are driven by calculations about risk and return and the rising US bimport surplus/b works favourably on both these fronts. us imports of intermediate (as opposed to final) goods and services have risen steadily in the past 15 years and surged recently to more than 25 per cent of ball input use/b in some sectors. These have lowered the cost of production in the US and improved profit margins. At the same time, the development of a wide set of suppliers reduces the risk of production bottlenecks.
Finally, optimists dismiss the notion that stocks will have to fall because credit is in the midst of a renewed sell-off. Throughout the market drama of the past few months, stocks have tended to follow credit downwards, with a lag of a few weeks.
The media magnate is not alone in his shame. Recent days have seen the dramatic, albeit long overdue, fall of Bob Diamond. The former Barclays chief executive was forced out after the bank admitted corrupt manipulation of market interest rates and paid a £290m fine to regulators.
A taming of the market would be good news for China. Consumers in many regions are exhibiting classic bubble behaviour: servicing multiple mortgages in the hope that capital appreciation compensates for tiny, or even non-existent rental yields. But if mr xu is anticipating a repeat of the last, very orderly decline in house prices, he may be disappointed. Last time the nationwide property index dropped on a year-on-year basis, it did so for just six months, between December 2008 and May 2009, before resuming steady rises. However, that was a period in which constraints were mostly on the supply side, as Beijing shut off bank lending to developers. This time, it is the demand side that has suffered at least a dozen rounds of tightening since the end of last year.
Few economists then realised how fragile the global financial system had become. The failure of Lehman Brothers just under two weeks later and the ensuing crisis at AIG, the insurance giant, turned complacency into terror. The financial system plunged into an abyss, dragging the economy behind it.
Chinese-made blankets found to contain high levels of formaldehyde have been recalled across Australia and New Zealand, the distributor said yesterday, as retailers sought urgent testing of clothing imported from China. The voluntary recall by Australian-based Charles Parsons came two days after the new zealand government launched an urgent investigation after scientists found dangerous levels of formaldehyde in woollen and cotton clothes made in China.
Chinese internet giant Tencent has become the world’s tenth-largest company in terms of market cap, joining a tech-heavy list currently headed by the likes of Apple and Alphabet.
Businesses from the north-west are in China this month seeking to exploit Liverpool's presence at the Shanghai Expo to do deals.
What are we to make of the labour unrest in China? Do the strike against Honda's joint venture parts maker and the spate of suicides at Foxconn, the contract manufacturer, mark the end of the cheap labour era? Probably not. But China is changing.
"From this point of view, China Mobile's Rmb15bn investments in TD-SCDMA network construction can be seen not as a burden but as a form of protection." China Mobile has stepped up the pace of building a TD network despite a less-than enthusiastic response from users in a test rollout.
The S&P 500 index was 0.4 per cent lower at 1,398.14 by midday, which left it 3.6 per cent weaker for the week. The dow jones industrial average was down3.5 per cent on the week.
Future demand will depend on the emergence of a mass-consumer market, while growth of supply will require an upsurge in growth of “total factor productivity” — a measure of innovation. Yet, in 2017, private consumption was only 39 per cent of GDP. If it is to drive demand, the savings rate must tumble and the share of household incomes in GDP must jump. Neither will be easy to achieve. But the biggest hurdle of all, especially to the needed upsurge in productivity growth, is the shift towards a more autocratic political system.
Where many investors and analysts see dark clouds on the global economic horizon, arising from a storm in the us housing market, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development sees the glimmers of light in the form of a smooth rebalancing of the world economy.
Packs of real estate agents swarm around cars parking along an avenue in Chongqing, south-west China. Drivers are engulfed by touts who repeatedly ask: “Looking to buy a house?”
The software company reported $7.7bn in adjusted net income, up from $5.5bn in the same period last year and about 40 per cent higher than expected — despite the drag from LinkedIn, the professional network, which operates at a loss.
Now many of these deals are likely to be re-examined by whatever political leadership takes Mr Mubarak’s place. Egyptian activists and lawyers said they hoped to revive dormant corruption cases and launch new ones.
That effort worked and the free-fall of economic activity eased. There are three open questions now on the outlook. When will the global recession be over? What will be the shape of the economic recovery? Are there risks of a relapse?
In 2008, the shanghai market dropped 65.4 per cent, while the benchmark hang seng index fell 48.3 per cent – slightly worse than the fall for Asia as a whole, which experienced a 42.3 per cent drop.
Following strong export figures last month from south korea and Taiwan, China said yesterday that its exports climbed 17.7 per cent, well ahead of the modest increase that economists had predicted.
His scepticism towards the world’s second-largest economy is echoed by other fund managers, who see China’s corporate debt, the flagging dynamism of its private companies, and little progress in reform of state-owned enterprises as weighing on the country’s prospects for years to come.
Mark Williams of Capital Economics said in a research note that the changes would have “little immediate impact” on the surplus.
Finland’s trade minister has fired an early broadside against EU plans for tougher screening of Chinese takeovers and other foreign direct investments, saying that they will achieve little while risking a trade war.
Uncertainty in global markets and a promise to spend up to $30bn on a buy-back after a deal is consummated may play into BHP's hands.
But an attempted coup following the death of Lansana Conte, the long-serving dictator, has thrown into uncertainty the country's politics and policies, including the status of a $6bn iron ore project that has pitted Rio Tinto against the government in a licence dispute.
More specifically, a few weeks ago, Robert Mueller, the former FBI boss who is investigating links between Trump’s team and Russia, indicted several key figures in Trump’s election campaign, including his former campaign manager, the lobbyist Paul Manafort.
To casual browsers, most of the resulting content is, unsurprisingly, banal. Postings on the Chinese web- sites on Monday included such gems for posterity as “Another day's gone by and I haven't done anything”, “I'm back and now I'm writing something” and “It's raining”.
private equity funds are keen to invest the record amounts of money raised this year. By pushing the boundaries in their use of high levels of leverage, these financial sponsors have also redefined what is an acceptable level of debt for listed companies. Cyclically buoyant earnings are further encouraging companies to gear up – with the added benefit that high leverage can discourage private equity bidders. All this means that companies also have greater financial firepower to pursue their own acquisitions. However, it is worth remembering that the pursuit of leverage, too, is cyclical.
Businesses that sell goods on Ebay are due to boycott the online marketplace today in protest at an increase in fees and changes to the way search results are displayed.
Out of the dust of the dotcom crash roared Google search, a locational tool so remarkably superior that it crushed rivals such as Inktomi and Overture, managing to produce $80bn in new market value while Microsoft shares (1998-2006) stood still. The company’s advance is explained in two delightful tomes, David Vise’s The Google Story and John Battelle’s The Search.
“Living in a world strewn with the wreckage of the Soviet empire it is hard for most people to realise that there was a time when the Soviet economy, far from being a byword for the failure of socialism, was one of the wonders of the world – that when Khrushchev pounded his shoe on the UN podium and declared, ‘We will bury you’, it was an economic rather than a military boast”. Paul Krugman (1994)
Gloria Aviotti, head of global structured finance at Fitch Ratings, points to evidence that structured finance ratings are statistically comparable with, and at least as stable as, corporate ratings.
The decision is a result of a growing sense of necessity. China is a huge land mass with diverse climate regimes, all subject to the effects of climate change. In northern china the Ningxia province already suffers a 2 per cent loss of gross domestic product per year from the effects of climate extremes. This will only worsen.
During the communist party congress last month, president xi jinping unambiguously broke away from the decades-old mantra of China’s prudent rise. The goal now is to place the country firmly on the global centre stage by 2050, powered by massive chinese investment in both industrialised and developing economies.
In October, mr huang was named as the richest person in China, with a net worth of $6.3bn according to the Hurun Report, which compiles lists of the country's wealthy. It was the third time that the 39-year-old had topped the ranking.
The ECTS is a standard for comparing student attainment and performance in higher education institutions across Europe. Under the system, students can transfer credits for study already completed towards an appropriate equivalent degree in any of the 53 countries that have ratified the Lisbon Recognition Convention.
AIA is also a well established (and cash generative) business. Still, Pru will have to find $30bn to $35bn (£20bn to £23bn) to seal the deal, more than its current £15bn market capitalisation. It will also be paying about 1.5-1.7 times embedded value, when European insurers typically hover about one times. But valuations are racier in Asia – French insurer Axa, for instance, is to pay 2.8 times embedded value to buy out the half of its Asia-Pacific business it doesn't own – and this may be an opportunity for the Pru to bring asian investors into the fold.
The tide may finally be turning in the battle against climate change. Last week the US and China signed a deal to cut carbon emissions from heavy-duty vehicles and coal-fired power plants. Barely a month before, the world’s two biggest emitters agreed to phase out hydrofluorocarbons, the greenhouse gases even more toxic to the earth’s atmosphere than carbon.
The far right made gains in the elections to the European parliament, with voters in Italy, the UK, Hungary and the Netherlands, among others, supporting candidates who espoused explicitly anti-immigrant, anti-Islamic and hardline nationalist platforms.
In August, new york tends to become a ghost town, its upper reaches deserted for the private beaches of the Hamptons or the rolling green acres of Connecticut. It’s rare to find someone whose name is over the door actually behind that door – except, of course, in the fashion world, where new york Fashion Week, which begins on September 6, dictates a different schedule.
The Internet of Things is one of those vacuous labels beloved by the tech industry when it senses that a big new market is taking shape. Like those other current favourites, big data and the Cloud, it promises everything and nothing – a tantalising formlessness that hints at infinite possibility, even if it is hard to say exactly who will make money out of it or when.
However, raising new money remains tough. MoneySwap, a currency trading specialist based in Hong Kong, was due to join the market on Friday with a market capitalisation of £20m after raising £3.1m. But last Wednesday the company rescheduled its admission to next Monday.
While gaining a cult following among teenagers it has also garnered fierce opposition among China hawks in the Trump administration, who are suspicious of the app’s Chinese parent company, the Beijing-headquartered ByteDance.
But most are sticking with local partnerships developed over decades, meaning profits from export markets will be shared with local companies.
Members of groups critical of China's policies on Tibet, human rights, the banned Falun Gong sect and Sudan are expected to try to demonstrate during the games.
The inventor of Twitter, the micro-blogging service, is aware of the irony of the location &ndash  Twitter is a rising internet source of news itself. He points out of the window to his own apartment building 100 yards away.
On his visit to the us capital in September 2015, mr xi was Mr Obama’s guest of honour at a White House state dinner. “I would not be throwing him a dinner,” mr trump said six months before he won his first primary. “I’d get him a McDonald’s hamburger and say, ‘We gotta get down to work because you can’t continue to devalue [the renminbi]’.”
The US has promised that by 2025 its emissions will be at least 26 per cent lower than they were two decades earlier. China has pledged that its carbon emissions will peak around 2030 and that carbon-free energy sources will account for 20 per cent of what it consumed by the same year.
Analysts had speculated that Hutchison, one of Asia’s most diverse conglomerates, would take the opportunity of depressed asset prices in Europe to further boost its ports-to-telecoms portfolio, possibly by issuing more debt.
In keeping with Mr Trump’s America First strategy, the tender outlined a “Buy American” preference for construction materials.
With a cumulative total of $470m after 11 days of release, the movie is on course to overtake hong kong comedy star Stephen Chow’s The Mermaid — which made $527m last year — as China’s top grossing film.
At his side was a smart-looking piece of luggage with the initials VL on it. How touching, I thought. Even now Gorby is prepared to display his undying loyalty to Vladimir Lenin.
Some food fascists are cracking under the pressure. My former vegetarian sister-in-law (former on both counts) used to dig packaging out of bins just to check the ingredients didn't contain any animal products. Ten years later, she's eating bacon sandwiches. A French teacher of mine was vegetarian - a diet she stuck to with religious fervour - but had one curious exception: foie gras.
Like many messages, the healthy eating one seems to be lost on those who need it most and taken to extremes by those who need it least. I don't really mind the food fascists as long as they keep their lectures short, don't come for dinner or my picnics, and keep out of my daughter's lunchbox. Everything in moderation, my mother always said.
Spain was forced to pay sharply higher interest rates to borrow money in the bond markets on Thursday, paying an annual yield of nearly 7 per cent amid a eurozone sovereign debt crisis that has pushed Greece, Ireland and Portugal into bail-outs and now threatens Italy, write Victor Mallet in Madrid and Richard Milne in London.
Such fist-pumping rhetoric sounds powerful. However, this repeated use of “nation” leaves a certain irony hanging in the air. The events of 9/11, a decade ago, prompted the west to go into Afghanistan, supposedly to crush al-Qaeda. But in recent years, the policy goal has shifted to the vaguer concept of “nation building”, or trying to create a peaceful country.
The spillover effects are broader than this direct calculation of China’s importance. Maury Obstfeld, the IMF chief economist, has said he is most worried about these knock-on effects in 2016. “The global spillovers from China’s reduced rate of growth . . . have been much larger than we would have anticipated,” he said this week.
The former british colony of hong kong has all the attributes of a liberal society except one: its people lack the ability to choose who governs them. The latest political convulsion in the territory has been caused by electoral arrangements proposed by the National People’s Congress, which would prevent democrats and others of whom China might disapprove from seeking election as chief executive in a vote of Hong Kong’s citizens.
The move sparked speculation that China was moving away from using the appreciation of the renminbi as a tool to combat inflation towards using a weaker currency to boost export-led growth.
The report comes after a month-long barrage of criticism against Baidu, Google's homegrown, larger rival, triggered by two CCTV reports in early November. The reports have driven the company's shares lower and forced Baidu to cut its fourth-quarter revenue forecast by 14 per cent last week.
Taizo Nishimuro, chairman and chief executive of the TSE, revealed the news at the exchange’s regular monthly press conference yesterday.
apple chief executive tim Cook saw his total remuneration jump by 22 per cent its last fiscal year ended in September, as iPhone sales hit a peak from which they have since begun a sharp decline.
Britain risks being seduced by a myth of middle-class inflation, the accountants PwC said yesterday as its research suggested rising food, fuel and energy prices hit the poorest hardest.
Rio's shares have more than halved in the past two months as a slowdown in economic global growth, especially in China, has depressed metals prices. investor confidence in Rio was shaken last month when BHP Billiton dropped its hostile $62bn take-over bid, citing worries about the size of Rio's debt.
The watchdog said that “additional analysis” would be necessary after the ruling by UK media regulator Ofcom, which stripped the network of its licence to air after concluding that it was editorially controlled by the chinese communist party.
Such top-level attention has already led to substantial policy changes. The head of the insurance regulator, which had allowed companies to sell short-term life policies to finance illiquid, long-term investments, was fired and more restrictive policies have been strictly implemented. New aggressive leadership took over at the bank regulator, which almost immediately issued new rules to curtail regulatory arbitrage by banks and began to investigate excessive lending to a small number of companies that were making large foreign acquisitions.
The siege by security personnel after villagers and unidentified attackers clashed in late February after tempers flared over a deal brokered by an allegedly corrupt party chief, resembles a similar situation in the village of Wukan, about 100 km from Shangpu, in 2011. After an 11-day siege by police in December that year, the Guangdong provincial government brokered a truce, allowing Wukan’s villagers unusually free elections to elect a new village committee, which included young men who had been previously detained by police for leading the protests.
The obama administration program to address the fragility of the banking system is based on a two major initiatives. First, it has proposed the Geithner- Summers Plan to buy subprime securitized assets from the banks. The toxic assets plan deals with less that 40 percent of the balance sheet of the banks that is in marketable securities. It does not deal with the 60 percent of the balance sheets of us banks that are loans and are not marked to market. Further, it will take six months to get the program in motion. The plan elicited deserved criticism from reputable analysts, including Paul Krugman in his NYT column. As a target=" blank" href="http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/27/opinion/27krugman.html"Krugman points out in his column/a this plan is the third variant of an old plan to lift the value of toxic assets. The plan meets Einstein's definition of madness: continuing to do the same thing, hoping for a different outcome. a target=" blank" href="http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3e99880-1991-11de-9d34-0000779fd2ac.html"Jeff Sachs (FT, March 23)/a, a target=" blank" href="http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/01/opinion/01stiglitz.html? r=1&amp scp=2&amp sq=stiglitz&amp st=cse"Joseph Stiglitz (NYT, April 1)/a and a target=" blank" href="http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e985de0-1ee7-11de-a748-00144feabdc0.html"Peyton Young (FT, April 1)/a added their concerns that the plan nationalizes losses and privatizes profits.
Companies face more spot checks of their employees' work papers as part of a crackdown on illegal immigration across the european union under plans to be announced tomorrow. The worst offending bosses could face criminal charges.
The number of sub-$1bn deals has also grown rapidly, pushing the total number of deals this year to 75, compared with 78 for the whole of 2006.
Adopted in July 2005, the EU’s savings directive seeks to tax the interest earnings on Europeans’ offshore savings. But Mr Roe admitted the EU’s ability to force hong kong to come to the table was limited.
The report has been generally well received among faculty members. Harry Lewis, a professor at the school and the author of Excellence Without a Soul: How a Great University Forgot Education, said the report “recaptures the importance of undergraduate education”.
At an outlet of sportswear brand Under Armour in an upscale Beijing shopping mall, a clerk said clothing and shoe sales for the entire first half of March totalled about Rmb40,000 ($5,650) — about as much as he would normally expect to see on a single Saturday or Sunday.
China's hunger for natural resources is being felt around the world, from the iron ore mines of outback Australia to the oil fields of Sudan, and has been a big factor in forcing up global prices to generational highs. But along with this has come the rush to lift output at home. state enterprises like Maashan have raced to tie up resource deposits but the greatest impetus has come from private companies.
Since anything that can be mis­understood will be misunderstood, I must start with some disclaimers. I am not urging the EU should end. Like the Holy Roman Empire, it may spend many years in gentle decline doing little good and little harm. Nor am I urging that the UK or any other member state should leave the EU. What I am saying is that the EU no longer deserves the devotion of practical idealists. When voices in Paris or Berlin say the answer to any problem is “more Europe”, by which they mean more centralised power to EU institutions, we should turn a deaf ear. And when some leaders say that “without the euro there is no Europe” we should shrug our shoulders and look at an atlas to reassure ourselves.
Goldman Sachs said it would seize and sell Luckin Coffee shares from the chairman of the scandal-hit chain after he defaulted on the terms of a $518m margin loan.
When the first small partnerships tried to register themselves as consultants in China in the late 1990s, the Communist-ruled country did not even have a category for “management consultant” as a type of business.
In an effort to increase its competitiveness, KRX is pushing for its own initial public offering and is in talks with the government over timing and other details.
Public awareness and demand for safer food in hong kong has risen sharply inrecent years, prompted by a spate of scares.
The pair are now 31, at the heart of a millennial generation that has come of age, transforming business not only in the US but round the world. In April, their company was acquired by Unilever, the British-Dutch group that had fended off a takeover by Kraft Heinz. Their ketchup, once a student jape, has just gone on shelves in Walmart and Target. “Sir Kensington’s is the playbook for reaching millennials,” says Richard Hartell, president of strategy and transformation at Publicis Media.
Some income inequality is inevitable and good. It creates incentives for hard work. However, too much inequality leads to broad resentment, social conflict and instability. All of these also threaten growth. China is in precarious territory. south korea and Taiwan were never as unequal during their decades of rapid development in the 1970s and 1980s as China is today.
“We have a joint venture partner, the Wanli Education Group, but because we have been working in China for quite a long time we have lots of informal networks of people to whom we can turn to for advice and support,” she explains. “It's very difficult to go in cold to China, so those networks were extremely valuable.
Should I wear that coat? Toss it away? Just sell it on eBay? Twenty years ago my answer would have been clear: I would have conducted a ritual burning of the mink while enveloped in a smug glow of political correctness. I started my adult life as a tie-dye-wearing anthropology student and back then the animal rights movement was running such a slick anti-fur campaign that mink seemed taboo to westerners of my age. Who can forget those ghastly posters of slaughtered seals? Or the shots of fur-clad ladies being doused in red paint in the streets by angry protesters?
This is not because stars have a monopoly on talent. Marko Tervi?, a University of California economist, has found that stars hog the rewards in such industries because talent is displayed only on the job and employers are unwilling to take risks on the untested. Stars get paid a lot because they are proven talents.
The truth is that nations with small, stagnant or falling populations can produce strong economic growth for the benefit of national power and individual prosperity. If gdp growth depended purely on population increase, Africa, Latin America, Indonesia and the Philippines would be rich and powerful today.
Hong Kong’s government has relaxed coronavirus quarantine measures for executives at companies including Tencent and Alibaba, as part of efforts to revive business activity while cutting the risk of further outbreaks.
Those odds changed dramatically on Monday morning after mr xi was greeted by tweets from us president donald trump threatening to raise tariffs on chinese exports to the US as early as Friday. The move enraged officials in Beijing.
The world's largest commodity futures exchanges, such as the new york mercantile exchange and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, offer internet-based trading virtually round the clock. Yet Tocom offers only five hours of trading.
In June, the State Council, China’s principal executive body, issued an opinion stating that it should be consulted regarding the transfer of a controlling stake in a key “backbone” equipment manufacturing company to a foreigner
The Christmas party season gets a bad press on the style pages, and not without good reason. As a religious festival, as a commercial opportunity or as a chance to drink one’s own body weight in spiced wine while treating the boss to a few pointed “home truths” about the way the business is run, clearly the holiday period has much to recommend it. But it’s hardly what you’d call a triumph of good taste.
A new wave of social scientists, however, is upending this view by digging into the psychological and social factors that influence our decisions. By developing better processes, they hope to make decision making less like voodoo and more like carpentry.
The accusation came as Ebay became the latest us internet company to be dragged into a public controversy over the potential use of its online service to aid Chinese monitoring of dissidents.
Are robots in Chinese factories about to threaten US robots’ jobs by working for lower wages? No, and even if they did, that’s not what concerns the White House. During his weekend in Beijing, Mr Ross had an earful from American business about a Chinese plan to create a range of cutting edge industries, called Made in China 2025.
Soon, the ECB will come under pressure to monetise debt. The ruling of Germany’s constitutional court and a shocking rise in anti-euro sentiment in the german government make it unlikely that the european union will end the crisis by means of a eurobond and a fiscal union in the short run. That leaves the ECB as the last line of defence for the euro. Can this work?
The president weighed in to the racial injustice debate by claiming the destruction of some statues during Black Lives Matter protests were a sign of things to come if the Democrats won the White House in November.
The president of the european central bank criticised the prevailing view among investors that banks should hoard funds, insisting that the view was contrary to those of the European authorities. Such ideas did nothing to contain the deepening recession, he said, and also provided non-financial companies with incentives to postpone investment.
He blamed global oil and food price increases and said the government would ensure the supply of key items to ensure price stability. “We will take many different measures to stabilise prices,” a report on the central government website quoted mr wen as saying.
Yet it might take more than a year to reinvent a business model for newspaper companies – Goldman Sachs analysts recently predicted at least a five-year transition period before the industry's recoups enough digital revenues to offset print's decline.
Waterways contaminated by urban household and industrial wastewater discharges are a worry for Beijing and local governments. In many areas, depleted groundwater levels are causing the ground to sink.
Alibaba is in advanced talks to buy an approximately $500m stake in the parent company of leading Indian mobile payment platform Paytm, marking the chinese ecommerce group’s first significant foray into the country’s rapidly expanding start-up scene.
The son and heir apparent to north korean leader kim Jong-il joined a delegation of senior military officials for a top-secret, week-long visit to China in mid-June in spite of Beijing's claims that no such trip occurred.
They are the securities brokerages, mostly created in the past 15 years. Now they have reached an uneasy adolescence, trying to keep mainly retail punters interested in China’s young, struggling stock market.
If executives were entirely honest, they would admit that the IPO is where it is because that is where valuations for trophy assets are highest. Christie’s, the auctioneer, broke 36 world records at its hong kong Spring sales, concluded earlier this month  10 Pollock’s Path, an 8,302 sq ft propertyon The Peak, sold last week for a record HK$800m (US$103m). If Prada prices on Friday at the midpoint of its indicative range, the equity would be valued at 24 times this year’s earnings, significantly ahead of a clutch-bag of rivals in Paris, London and Milan.
Blockchain is expected to slash the time and paperwork needed to push through routine trade finance and supply-chain finance transactions by making it easier to verify each step of the complicated process and confirm the credentials of the parties involved.
The overwhelming majority of billionaires lived in the US and Europe until 1980, with a minority of entrepreneurs creating their own wealth, according to the UBS/PwC 2015 Billionaire Report.
Since then, Mr Bloomberg has been castigated by the NRA for using his "tentacles" to extend "his reach, and his illegal anti-gun tactics, across America". Whatever WPP's role was in helping its rivals, the NRA nevertheless expresses satisfaction with its lobbyists at the WPP-owned Ogilvy: "They do a good job for us," says Andrew Arulanandam, an NRA official. "We are aware of that relationship . . . But there have been assurances of firewalls." The pro-gun lobby has paid Ogilvy $720,000 in fees since WPP took over the company, previously the Federalist Group, in 2005.
Which of the two approaches is most likely to address problems posed by the large balance of payments surpluses and deficits recorded in some of the biggest economies?
The political challenge to the listing coincided with tougher conditions in the bond markets. The cheap cost of financing leveraged takeovers has helped underpin the core business of Blackstone and other private equity firms in recent years.
China has given a lift to the renewable energy industry by formally setting out plans to more than quadruple its solar power ­generating capacity to 35 gigawatts by 2015.
Then: &ldquo A year ago, when I found out that we were moving to Russia, I routinely looked up the weather in Moscow and st petersburg on the internet, only to discover that the country was in the midst of one of its coldest winters in memory,&rdquo  e-mailed a recently relocated friend. &ldquo Temperatures were down to 30 degrees below zero. Not so this year. It&rsquo s been practically balmy on some days, much to the displeasure of some people here.&rdquo  All those down coats he had bought in preparation, he said, were staying in the closet.
investment banks are responding to rising credit concerns by imposing tougher lending terms on hedge funds, in a move that threatens to exacerbate investor unease in the financial markets.
The federal reserve extended Operation Twist – a plan to sell short-term bonds while purchasing longer-term securities – to support a slowing us economic recovery, but refrained from a more aggressive plan to ease monetary policy.
Two peculiar things happened in America this week. One of these made headlines:
China has detained a well-known Chinese-American microblogger and angel investor as Beijing rolls out a new campaign to “purify” the country’s social media, writes Kathrin Hille.
Mr Jobs attempted to calm nerves by issuing a statement ahead of last week's Macworld conference in San Francisco, giving an explanation for his non-attendance this year. He was suffering, he explained in a brief open letter, from a hormonal imbalance that was causing him to lose weight rather dramatically. He had been successfully diagnosed and would be better soon. Unfortunately, this statement, while it may have cleared up the medical uncertainty, did nothing to puncture the cult of personality that surrounds the Apple boss. If anything, it gave it another boost.
Multinationals' R&D is focused on information technology because of China's strength in mobile communications and the manufacture of computers. But it is also spreading into other sectors, including biotech, drugs and autos.
In one of the more poignant scenes from Under the Dome — a documentary about China’s environmental catastrophe that has descended on the national consciousness like a thick smog — a six-year-old girl living in the coal mining province of Shanxi is asked if she has ever seen the stars. The child of China’s economic miracle says she has not. Chai Jing, who made the documentary, describes how she often keeps her own daughter at home “like a prisoner” to protect her from the noxious particles swirling outside.
However, HSBC executives acknowledged the rescues in the US and Europe were necessary to stabilise the banking system and restore the flow of credit to the economy.
“You have to be very pragmatic. Long-term capital controls are certainly not a good thing,” he told the financial times before a conference in the south korean city of Daejeon. “But short-term capital controls may be necessary in some cases: it is a matter of balancing the costs of different options.”
Where Insead leads, others follow. These days, one-year mba programmes are growing in prominence and quality across Europe and Asia.
Pistorius was also given a three-year suspended sentence for contravening the firearms control act by firing a pistol in a busy restaurant, to run concurrently. This will be suspended for five years “on condition that within the period of suspension the accused is not found guilty of a crime where there is negligence involving the use of a firearm”.
According to a stock exchange filing on Sunday, China Baowu Steel Group will buy a majority stake in smaller producer Magang Steel to strengthen its “international competitiveness”. The value of the deal was not disclosed.
Bangkok’s rebound after a big hit last year from its political crisis highlights the unquenched appetite of a generation of newly wealthy Chinese for venturing south, in volumes that have at times left some destinations feeling overwhelmed.
Or neither? It's almost impossible to prove that manipulation is taking place, although if it's clumsy, people tend to notice. In October 2004 one betting market, TradeSports, saw George Bush's probability of re-election slump from 54 per cent to 10 per cent in three minutes when bets were placed in the small hours of the morning. Either someone was drunk, or a political hack made a crass attempt to change the odds.
But Saturday’s announcement lowering that requirement from 20 per cent to zero did not necessarily favour bets against the renminbi, said Michelle Lam, Greater china economist at Société Générale.
north korea has threatened to carry out a third nuclear test, without specifying when, in an angry response to fresh un sanctions imposed after Pyongyang’s recent missile launch.
The case of the missing hong kong publishers who sold books critical of China’s leadership has taken an international dimension after authorities in the UK confirmed that one of the men was a British citizen.
The trump administration has said it will ban Chinese passenger airlines flying to and from the US this month unless Beijing relaxes restrictions on American airlines.
Tony Blair, ex-UK premier, SoftBank chief Masayoshi Son and abu dhabi crown prince mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan would join the group, the government said on Tuesday.
Apple has long had to balance its access to the chinese market — which accounted for a fifth of its sales, or $8.8bn, in the last quarter — with a string of requests from the Chinese government.
The easiest is an email saying that you are thinking of them and hope that they and their families are all right. This works for epidemics as well as natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and bush fires.
Rather than fight the threat of eviction, Mr Marathe chose to move. This month, he took possession of a 290 sq ft home in a new complex built by DBS Communities, one of a clutch of private developers now starting to tackle the huge pent-up demand for affordable, legal housing for the country’s urban workers.
What, then, to make of Industrial &amp  commercial bank of China, now the world's biggest bank by any metric you care to mention? No other lender comes close to the bank's net income of $5.2bn in the first quarter. Deposits of about $1,400bn have nudged past Japan's MUFG and JPMorgan, the bank said last week. Market capitalisation? A whisker away from $200bn. That's 60 per cent bigger than the nearest US outfit (JPMorgan), and 11 times bigger than Citi.
India has excluded more than 4m people living in its tea-growing Assam state from a list of citizens, raising fears that they risk being rendered stateless.
For the past five years, government officials have admitted that the economy cannot keep relying on exports and set-piece investment projects to propel high growth rates and needs instead to stimulate more domestic consumption. Yet several years later, they have not managed to bring about this shift – indeed, while China ran a current account surplus in excess of 10 per cent of GDP last year, consumption in recent years has played an ever smaller role in the economy.
The federal bureau of Investigation complaint names the men as Abdurasul Hasanovich Juraboev and Abror Habibov, both citizens of Uzbekistan, and Akhror Saidakhmetov, a citizen of Kazakhstan who was arrested at the airport. All three lived in Brooklyn.
Implicit guarantees are ubiquitous in China, but one company went a step further when it appealed to the central bank to give an explicit reassurance to creditors that the government will not permit any default.
Even if wall street did not think so, some of Mr Madoff's millionaire clients probably did.
The timing could hardly be more ironic. Last year was Nightingale’s bicentennial. The museum had invested heavily in a new exhibition  it opened in early March, less than a month before the UK’s long first lockdown. Celebratory events across the country had been planned — I was to attend one organised by the Royal Statistical Society — but instead Nightingale was commemorated by the decision to name new emergency hospitals after her.
“When I compare Korea with other countries, like the US, the UK, Germany,– I see that large business groups here have the power to hamper the functioning of markets so I am very concerned,” Mr Kwon says.
But even if the price is right when lock-ups expire, foreign chief executives with an eye on the longer haul may opt to sit tight. chinese banks have the supreme advantage of being part of a fast-growing economy: even in a softer year, analysts are pencilling in pre-tax profits growth of over 20 per cent. Equity ties are no guarantee to deeper strategic benefits. But at the minimum they give market know-how and, at best, access to a rapidly expanding market – the only foreign banks that are allowed to underwrite securities issues in China are those with a stake in the Chinese banks. Finally, cashing out – especially if, as is likely, it coincides with a period of increased NPLs – could ravage confidence in the Chinese banks. foreign banks that sell their stakes could well find that antagonising regulators means a long stay out in the cold.
Retailers forecast that the proportion of their sales from the web could increase from 4.5 per cent at present to 14.7 per cent in 10 years' time – with some expecting the internet to account for more than half of trans-actions.
When it comes to raising standards of culture and behaviour, the financial services industry is “not close to where it needs to be”. Thus said William Dudley , president of the new york Federal Reserve, last week and he is right. It is true that some banks are trying to drive through reforms root and branch. But others still claim that the problem is to do with a few bad apples rather than anything more systemic, and are relying on occasional town hall meetings with employees and a lot of top-down instructions to shift behaviour. That will not deliver the fundamental change necessary.
Alexandra Harney: /bI agree that it is very difficult indeed for other countries to compete with a country that doesn't adequately enforce its labour or environmental laws. But it is also the nature of modern supply chains and capitalism that companies will move their orders to the country with the lowest overall costs, as we see happening today as costs rise in southern China. If one country erects import barriers against another, cheaper country, companies will move their orders to the next cheapest country.
Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan's independence-minded president, yesterday called the incident “the suppression of freedom and democracy by a foreign dictatorship”, and said the remaining memorials for Chiang needed to be dismantled.
That reasoning supports the valuation of Youku, China’s leading video site, with a 37 per cent share of browsing time and 14 per cent of ad revenues. Since its new york initial public offering at $12.80 a share in December, the stock has more than tripled. Investors seem not to care that Youku makes no money or that management will not say when it will. The assumption is that growth in internet penetration, viewing hours and revenue-per-minute will, over time, outpace the growth in costs for bandwidth, server depreciation and content amortisation. (Never mind that Youku’s net loss actually widened last year.) analysts expect the company to make 24 cents of net income per share in 2013, putting Youku on a multiple of 173 times that year’s earnings as at the close on Monday.
At the same time, demand for academics, managers from the not-for-profit sector and retired executives has increased. But while these people may have a grounding in general management, they can lack deep industry experience of fast-moving business trends, such as the development of China and India. They want involvement – we have observed in recent years a fourfold increase in the number of off-site retreats to discuss strategy – but most do not have the industry expertise to participate effectively in shaping strategy, much less reshaping it on the fly in response to changing circumstances.
However, 2018 is not a “normal” time  not with donald trump in the White House. Last week, the us president unnerved markets by imploring the federal reserve to stop raising rates. This week he intensified those attacks, hinting that he might fire Jay Powell, the Fed chair.
Greece has cleared the way for fresh international financial aid to avert a damaging default after its government won a second, decisive parliamentary vote on implementing sweeping austerity measures.
First things first. I am no fan of ageing. I am anti-ageing. I see no joy in the prospect of diminished mobility, the casual atrophy of my knees, nor the strange gravitational displacement that drags one’s cheeks to fall in folds around the chin. I search my face in vain for youthful adjectives such as fresh, luminous, dewy — the ones that skincare marketeers pretend are eternal — but find them quite gone. There is nothing positive to be said about this.
Critics have accused mr murdoch of bowing to Beijing by forcing subordinates to drop plans to publish a book by Chris Patten, the former British governor of Hong Kong, and by barring the BBC from his regional broadcasting system.
However, the recent turmoil in financial markets has jolted faith in the so-called “quants”.
The credit crisis sweeping around the globe is drastically curtailing shipping activity as shippers cancel contracts with shipowners because of the mounting difficulty of obtaining trade finance.
With developed markets mired in slow growth, China is looking to the arab world as a new market for its exports and a source of energy to fuel its own fast-growing economy.
The three made up the bulk of the 13 outward greenfield FDI projects worth $1.2bn announced by chinese companies in data processing, hosting and related services between January and June, according to figures from fDi Markets, an FT data service.
I'm bored and depressed at work. My job is a portfolio manager for a large bank and the work keeps me busy for just 10 hours a week. I've been discouraged from starting new projects so spend my time writing a script and studying. The idleness is killing me but I can't quit as I need the salary. I've decided to try to get myself sacked and use the huge pay--off to subsidise a more interesting, worse paid job. But how do I it? The company is satisfied with my work and colleagues love me.
MMFs have exploded in popularity in recent years, as chinese investors seek high-yielding alternatives to bank deposits. total assets reached Rmb5.48tn ($848bn) at the end of June, according to data from Wind Information.
But before the proposal made its way to the board of Standard Chartered, and complicated internal issues could be resolved, the stock market plunged, Citic group as a whole fell under a cloud, and the proposed deal was abandoned.
The first is a rebalancing of moral authority due to the receding moral superiority of the west. The system they touted as superior has failed. Why should developing countries blindly follow its model now? Remember the moral high ground that western leaders took during the asian financial crisis? hong kong was bashed when its government intervened in August 1998 in the stock market to fend off the western investment banks and hedge funds bent on destroying the city's currency.
Boris Johnson’s victory in the UK’s December general election, driven by his promise to “get Brexit done”, means that the premise of this graphic from earlier in the year — a “hard Brexit” —  remains a strong possibility as we enter 2020. The estimated per capita income losses shown on the map illustrate cartographer Waldo Tobler’s first law of geography: “Everything is related to everything else, but near things are more related than distant things.” Most economists predict a hard Brexit will hit the UK hardest, with neighbour Ireland a close second — but the ripple is  predicted to extend across Europe.
Even though it will have to share the revenue from the freight locomotive deal, Mr Kron has said the agreement will be worth several hundred million euros to Alstom.
The long-awaited sale of Alico, first reported by the financial times in July, will give the us government an indirect stake of up to 20 per cent in MetLife alongside its 80 per cent ownership of AIG.
Speaking before an audience of defence and foreign ministers, and top security officials and analysts, from Russia and China as well as the US and all the other Nato members, he stopped short of asking for military support in Afghanistan, but suggested other countries could do more to help train Afghan troops, provide equipment and spare parts, and curb drug-trafficking.
Of course, as the sellers of herbal Viagra are said to be discovering, when consumer spending falls, some products do well and others do very badly. Nervous retailers looking for clues might wish to pick up research from the 1990s by the economists Martin Browning and Thomas Crossley, called “Shocks, Stocks and Socks”. They found that when people are unemployed they save money in a logical way, by not buying “small durables” such as socks, and indeed clothes in general. In the short term, people get by and save about 15 per cent of their household budget. When they find a new job, they replace the tired old socks. bad news for Marks & Spencer  good news for sellers of needles and thread.
Syrian security forces have cracked down on the city of Deraa in the Ba’athist regime’s strongest show of force yet against a popular protest movement calling for its overthrow.
The environmental agency's authority over its own local staff can sometimes be questioned. Chaohu's sanguine Mr Su, for example, is appointed by the local government rather than his Sepa superiors in Beijing.
mr leung said mr li Ka-shing was not involved in his continuing attempts to secure financing for the deal. mr leung has promised to name his backers by the end of November, when he is due to pay the first of three agreed instalments to PCRD.
But critics charge the campaign has been driven by political exigencies and is loaded with nationalist and racial undertones in spite of the fact that most migrant workers in Malaysia are Indonesians, who are culturally similar to ethnic Malays
The renminbi is the second most-used currency for European and US carmakers such as Volkswagen, Daimler, Ford andGeneral Motors, which have big markets in China.
Wanda group, the chinese conglomerate reaching from media to property, might think it has a blockbuster on its hands. It is reportedly interested in buying a 49 per cent stake in Paramount Pictures from its parent, us media conglomerate Viacom.
The sell-off had two obvious triggers. First, very poor macroeconomic US data – including supply managers' surveys, non-farm payrolls and surveys of business confidence – convinced investors that the US was swinging into recession. Second, corporate results for the fourth quarter of last year began to show that highly optimistic wall street forecasts were untenable, particularly for companies exposed to the US consumer. They also showed that the financial sector had suffered much greater losses from the credit squeeze than many had thought.
Although onshore wind farms in Britain can be expected to deliver about 30 per cent of their notional full capacity, over the past winter Eon found it was sometimes getting just 8-10 per cent. So up to 90 per cent of Britain's wind power might need to be backed up with flexible fossil fuel plants.
The much-heralded planned issuance of 1.85m tickets on a first-come-first-served basis ground to a halt with only 9,000 sold as a flood of orders crashed the online distribution system of Bocog, the Beijing organising committee.
China's issue is inflation and how to contain it. Five increases in the central bank lending rate this year have had little effect.
Now, amid the recession, those lenders want their money back. &ldquo The bank just closed down our overdraft. That was the killer blow,&rdquo  says Mr Longfellow. But with the family's debts running to &pound 30,000 ($49,200, &euro 34,600), far more than their annual disposable income, repayment is going to take a very long time.
“I am never going to be satisfied until there is a market-determined currency. But they are not ready to have one yet,” he said.
bh1Consultant, male, 26/h1/b
But inflation remained muted and fears eased. Is this about to change? Higher-than-expected inflation reports for January are springing up all over the place. producer prices in the US were up 1.4 per cent, 60 basis points higher than forecast. Across the border Canadian consumer prices rose at the fastest pace for more than a year. Inflation in the UK is again more than a percentage point above target. Countries from Israel to Indonesia are also struggling to contain prices.
The tradition is an ancient one, originating with the aristocracy who would play instruments and compose poems in the autumn countryside. Today it is a popular activity and the excuse for an expedition with family, friends or colleagues, and perhaps a picnic.
mr geithner told Congress that the US needed a fresh approach to regulating risk that identified problems across the financial system as a whole if it were to prevent a repeat of the current financial crisis.
To general surprise, the world's largest country has revealed itself as also one of the nimblest. Speaking to the United Nations, Hu Jintao, China's president, said his country would reduce its carbon intensity &ndash  the amount of CO2 it emits for each dollar of economic output. After months of rich and poor countries digging themselves deeper into their respective trenches, mr hu may just be leading the world out of the standoff.
The ILO warns that more developed regions such as Singapore, south korea and parts of China are likely to hit the “demographic cliff” even earlier.
The republican party is pinning its hopes for some legislative, and consequent political, success on a tax package. The administration claims tax revenue losses will be paid for by higher growth from reforms to tax and regulation.
China has been told its economy could be worth $5.6tn more by 2030 if it steers away from investment-led growth and embraces productivity reforms.
Prices may remain low for a considerable time because shale producers in the US have adjusted to this environment. Even though there could be a rally in the short to medium term, in the long run (as early as the late-2020s) oil will lose its lustre.
The us economy has rebounded faster than expected but faces the threat of contagion from sovereign debt problems in Europe, the international monetary fund has warned.
The Fund said the us economy would grow 0.5 per cent this year and 0.6 per cent in 2009, contradicting the Federal Reserve's forecast that it will start to recover this year and growth will be above trend in 2009.
ParknShop has attracted at least seven bids of $3bn-$4bn, say people familiar with the process.
What might change investor perceptions? Valuations have been slipping since before the crisis. ICBC’s brush last week with bailing out a dud investment product offered through its network (it did not) will have bolstered sector bears. China’s slipping GDP growth, at 7.7 per cent at the end of 2013, from 7.8 per cent in the third quarter, will not have helped. But an alternative reading of those two points is that Beijing is serious enough about strengthening its financial system to push investors to reprice risk and will accept slower growth and weaker bank earnings growth to enact reforms, including stock market flotations and liberalising interest rates. Short-term pain for the banks but long-term gain.
A senior british government official demanded the destruction of files held by London’s Guardian newspaper related to the us national security Agency’s mass monitoring of phone and internet use, the newspaper’s editor said.
“It is . . . with the heaviest heart and deepest sorrow that, on behalf of the government of Malaysia, we officially declare malaysia airlines flight MH370 an accident . . . and that all 239 of the passengers and crew onboard are presumed to have lost their lives,” said Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, director-general of the southeast asian country’s department of civil aviation.
The China national health Development research centre will start work with the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (Nice) on a range of projects including analysing the costs and benefits of kidney screening and childhood leukaemia.
Participants at this weekend's annual summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation forum in Hanoi must be privately grateful to Kim Jong-il. At least he has given them something serious to talk about. Without the North Korean dictator's threats to blow up the world, leaders from Apec's 21 members might have difficulty explaining why their journeys were necessary.
I suspect that may be a social experiment too far in the workplace: after all, these benefits form part of their employment. But I have no such reservation about a similar experiment at home. Cost Centre #1 receives a monthly allowance, but he is required to work for it, and also has to assign me the right to write about him whenever I choose. No wonder he is seeking alternative methods of earning money. If you are at Henley Royal Regatta this weekend and get the chance to frequent the "coffee and liqueurs" bar in the stewards' enclosure you may have the misfortune to be served by him, at which time you can ask (as many of you do in your letters to me) if he minds being written about.
market expectations for US inflation have dropped to their lowest level in a year and are now below the Federal Reserve’s unofficial target, as investors respond to the central bank’s latest attempt to stimulate the economy.
Libraries will have to turn internet records into whatever technology people are using. But how much should they keep in the meantime?
The coronavirus has killed 17 and infected at least 544 in 13 provinces, state media said on Wednesday, nearly doubling the death toll from a day earlier.
Confidence in China’s stock markets has been in short supply in recent weeks but Victor Zhao, chairman of
The attack in the run-up to Christmas renewed fears surrounding the security of Pakistan’s Christian community who make up 1-2 per cent of the population.
There is a risk of exaggerating the economic impact of the debacle in asset-backed paper markets in relation to large and diverse financial sectors. Yet systemic trouble in finance can have wider indirect consequences. With housing markets going into reverse in both countries, there is every likelihood that households will rebuild very low savings ratios. The consequences for demand could be nasty. With a much less diversified economy than the US and much greater debt as a percentage of household wealth, the UK looks the more vulnerable. Sterling has a looming problem.
The US, which declined to comment, wants to remove all reference to the scientific prediction, contained in the original draft, that “beyond a temperature increase of 2 degrees Celsius risks from climate change will be largely unmanageable”.
The move by South Korea's biggest carmaker is believed to be the first time such a step has been taken because of labour unrest since the country opened up to foreign investors in 1991.
The apparent early lead of these two books does not necessarily make them favourites for the prize, however, as the judges tend to reserve detailed criticism of the shortlist for the final judging session, which this year takes place on October 26, just before the gala awards dinner. The brief discussion of The Long Tail at last week’s session suggests that one of the questions at that meeting will be whether Anderson’s theme, first outlined in an article in Wired magazine, which he edits, holds up for 200 or more pages.
angela merkel has backed Emmanuel Macron’s call for the creation of a European army, using a speech to the european parliament in Strasbourg to make a passionate appeal for closer defence co-operation between eu member states.
Japan's wages dropped at their fastest pace in 3? years in December, fuelling concern that higher corporate profits are not being felt in workers' pockets in spite of six years of growth.
Chinese stocks gave back much of the previous session's strong advance as hopes that Beijing would implement an economic stimulus package faded.
China is already a big presence in southern European power grids. state grid became the biggest shareholder in REN, the Portuguese national grid company, in 2012. Another Chinese state-owned enterprise, China Three Gorges, is seeking to increase its 23 per cent stake in EDP, Portugal’s biggest company whose assets include the Alqueva dam (above), to give it control over a further 220,000km of transmission lines in the country plus grid assets in Spain and Brazil. Chinese state companies also own significant grid assets in Italy and Greece, bringing the goal of a southern European grid controlled by China closer.
Fiscal consolidation was accompanied by long overdue structural reforms. A comprehensive pension reform raised the retirement age and linked pension benefits to lifetime contributions. labour market reform reduced severance payments and cut overtime remuneration. The statistical authority was granted full independence, while fiscal management was strengthened. Tax reform shortened judicial procedures for tax cases, and included a determined – but as yet incomplete – effort to combat tax evasion. Local administration reform reduced the number of municipalities from 1,034 to 325. The start-up of businesses was simplified  a “fast track” process for large investments was legislated  the road haulage sector was liberalised  cabotage was abolished  closed professions were opened.
India’s road and rail networks are only slightly shorter than China’s. But far more of the latter’s roads are multi-lane paved highways, compared with single-lane dirt tracks, and China’s bullet trains outclass India’s lumbering locomotives on virtually every metric.
After initially suffering a supply shock, with its factories unable to operate, many economists are concerned China could now face a plunge in demand as the rest of the world cuts imports.
Alibaba, one of the biggest beneficiaries, said on Wednesday that its mobile revenues had climbed 10-fold in the three months to June 30 – from Rmb240m in the second quarter of 2013 to Rmb2.4bn ($391m).
Tokyo's top government spokesman said Beijing's explanation to Japanese officials amounted merely to confirmation that a test had occurred and that this was “insufficient”.
Rising inflation, which hit a 27-month high of 3.4 per cent in May, is another worrying sign for Beijing.
The five banks are the largest European participants in the forex market, and have all been caught up in the probe of more than 15 banks.
The contradictory readings will further complicate Beijing’s attempts to maintain rapid economic growth while tackling price increases that have stoked discontent in the country.
Ten years on, the role played by some of the tycoons in the crisis, including the siphoning of billions of dollars out of Indonesia to Singapore and beyond as capital fled the region, is often forgotten. Mr Thaksin and others have successfully created a nationalist myth, in which western speculators and the IMF are the villains and Asian business leaders are portrayed, astonishingly, as victims.
Initial findings suggested that the explosion was non-accidental and had been caused by a timed device. Police were reported by Japanese media as saying that plastic tubing, batteries, wires and four iron bars had been found at the scene.
Ms Tiedemann says the root of many such problems is companies' eagerness to invest quickly and capture the growth offered by the chinese market without first doing proper due diligence. Many, especially those who buy through agents, have little understanding of the complexity of a global supply chain.
The British debate about Brexit, at the moment, reminds me of the discussions I heard in the US, late last year, about Donald Trump. Back then the opinion polls said that mr trump was well ahead in the race. But the conventional wisdom in Washington was that he would never win the Republican presidential nomination. Everybody told me that, once voters focused on the race, Mr Trump’s lead would crumble.
The us president announced at a Nato summit outside London that he believed the involvement of the chinese telecoms company posed “a security danger”, adding that he had raised the issue with a number of countries.
But Mr Cable – who has in the past angered Tory colleagues with salvos against their immigration cuts – was careful to blame the UN, rather than fellow ministers, for what he sees as a statistical anomaly.
Igor Shuvalov, deputy prime minister, will consider taking stakes in troubled banks when a group of experts on the crisis meets today to discuss ways to recapitalise the country's banking system, according to a draft proposal seen by the Financial Times.
Changing an entrenched mindset was a difficult task. “It requires a high degree of understanding between employees and management,” says C. Narasimhan, formerly president of Sundaram-Clayton, the auto components firm and sister company of TVS.
China is considering stripping its $200bn sovereign wealth fund of the country's banking stakes, in a move which could free it of some restrictions when it invests in the US.
janet yellen was forced to fend off new questions about the Federal Reserve’s independence yesterday sparked by donations from a Fed governor to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign.
“We believe strongly that infrastructural development is what is going to help us open up east Africa, open up the continent to trade and investment,” he said. “Our debt is all towards investment — investment that should have been made a long time back,” he said, adding that debt was still at a “very sustainable level”.
We forget that our preoccupations change. The people who worry about these issues today would 20 years ago have worried about the coming economic hegemony of Japan and the cold war. These issues were resolved in ways that few predicted.
Last month’s $153m initial public offering of vocational school provider Xinhua Education was the latest of around 10 education listings over the past year, which were some of the hong kong bourse’s best-performing IPOs over the period.
The revanchism of Vladimir Putin’s Russia was high on any threat list. So too was the present danger of Islamist terrorism and potential spillovers from the conflicts in the Middle East. In the background lay China’s strategic ambitions, the pressures of migration and the existential challenge of climate change.
In a speech during a visit to Australia on Tuesday, the US senator suggested Canberra should join the US in taking part in freedom of navigation operations in the disputed south china Sea. He also acknowledged US partners around the world had concerns about the administration of president donald trump but called on them to have patience and stick with America in the face of a resurgent China and Russia.
Both companies have courted the Asian market, and the CBOT last month launched a commodity exchange in partnership with Singapore’s SGX.
Consider the rewards and risks of this strategy. On the upside, Mr Kerviel was hoping to triple his bonus (now unpaid) between 2006 and 2007 and might well have turned himself into a star by continuing, as Nick Leeson did at Barings in 1994 by shifting from low-risk arbitrage to fraudulent risk-taking.
“We are ready to take further measures if there is a new appreciation of the real,” Guido Mantega, finance minister, said in a conference call on Thursday. “With the situation in Europe under stress we expect to see a continuation of the currency war in coming months.”
“As a commissioned uniformed officer, it was a mistake that I have learned from, and I sincerely hope we all can learn from it.”
One key to understanding why the UK seems to be going easy on HSBC dates back to a multibillion pound deal over tax evasion Switzerland signed with the UK in 2011. In it, the Swiss state tried to insist its banks would be immune from prosecution.
Those who argue that “this changes nothing” have some powerful points. Collectively, pro-EU parties will continue to dominate the European Parliament. Anti-EU parties now account for about a quarter of the seats in the parliament, up from about 20 per cent. But some of the stars of the nationalist right had disappointing nights — including the Alternative for Germany, the Danish People’s party and the Forum for Democracy in the Netherlands.
Yet the portals start from a strong position - and, as the new rivals extend their own range of services, the contours of the battlefield will change. The narrowly targeted sites are themselves rushing to become portals, adding more of the functions - from e-mail and instant messaging to more "content" and e-commerce - that will encourage users to return to them more often.
Under the reshuffle, Mr Staley, who has been at JPMorgan since 1979, will take over the investment bank while Steve Black, the other co-head, becomes executive chairman of the unit. Mr Winters, who was instrumental in helping the investment bank steer clear of the worst of the financial crisis, will leave after 26 years with the company.
The european central bank stepped up its response to the eurozone crisis by providing €489bn in unprecedented three-year loans to more than 500 banks across the region.
While banks and the public authorities largely agree on the causes of the credit crisis, the contrast between their views on the best solutions could hardly be more striking.
Talk of a bubble is now common. Residential prices had doubled in five years, yet are now off 3 per cent from this year’s peak. Measures such as raising stamp duty and imposing borrowing limits were cooling things even before the worries about tighter us policy arose. Prices are expected to slide further this year as mainland chinese buyers step back. But there is another side to China’s interest in hong kong property – its shops. Wharf Holdings last month reported a 17 per cent rise in operating profits from its Harbour City mall, a haunt for mainland shoppers.
Mere exhortation is not enough. In pilot schemes for the government's Pathways to Work service, people on incapacity benefits were given eight work-focused interviews and offered a hefty return-to-work bonus. As a result, huge numbers of physically disabled people returned to work but there was no effect on those with mental illness. These people need professional help with their illness. The same is true for many who are in work but struggling with depression or stress. Their productivity is reduced and their sickness absence is four times the average.
China’s “external position” is “broadly in line” with “medium-term fundamentals and desirable policies”, the IMF said.
Goldman Sachs has taken the most, with core investment banking revenues of $455m this year, followed by UBS and Nomura.
Depositors already have to cope with near-zero interest rates, but paying just to leave money in the bank would be highly unusual and unwelcome for companies and households.
I don't know why people think comfort eating is a bad thing, since I'm not sure there's any other kind worth doing. Perhaps we should indulge in the occasional session of discomfort eating, stretching ourselves with strange new flavours, textures and ingredients. But for the most part, what use is food if not to soothe us in some way?
russian president vladimir putin called on pro-Russia groups in eastern ukraine to postpone a planned referendum on independence, fuelling hopes of an easing of the crisis that has threatened to tear the country apart.
37 per cent since its peak in mid-June.
European investors have sounded the alarm over the amount, speed and quality of financial regulation being undertaken, claiming too little work had been done on assessing the impact of dozens of rules on such a crucial industry.
The financial crisis has imposed economic and fiscal costs upon the british economy and public finances that rival those of a world war. This brutal fact must inform the response. It is why it has to be radical. Business as usual will not do because that could lead to national ruin. No industry can be allowed to operate in such a way. As Sir Mervyn King, outgoing Bank of England governor, noted this week: “It is not in our national interest to have banks that are too big to fail, too big to jail, or simply too big.”
The forum is the fruit of a pledge made in April by mr wen and then japanese prime minister mr abe to create a “high-level economic dialogue” between the two powers.
“We will strive to provide safe temporary housing for 98 per cent of the residents within the next month,” he said at a press conference in Beijing. mr li repeated an appeal for donations of tents – the government has so far distributed about 400,000 but believes it needs more than 3m.
How, then, to value banks' bad assets? Mr Geithner's plan may be to piggy-back on investors' judgment to establish prices for the assets: private investors will not want to pay prices that subsidise failed banks. This is clever, but it ignores two fundamental problems. First, how will the government attract co-funding from private partners, without effectively subsidising them by taking a disproportionate amount of the downside risk?
In line with disciplinary practices, the party investigates and passes judgment on officials detained for corruption before handing them over to the criminal justice system, which ritually tries and then sentences them.
Members such as Iran and Venezuela in particular are agitating for an emergency meeting to cut production again. Both countries are separately engaged in standoffs with Washington and have previously used the threat of an oil supply cut as a political tool.
At least eight banks, three from the US and five from Europe, are being targeted for capital surcharges of 2.5 per cent of their assets, adjusted for risk, on top of the “Basel III” minimum of 7 per cent set by global regulators last year.
The legal framework for professional services firms in China is undeveloped in Mr Leung's view. “It's a totally different system. We believe Hong Kong's system is better for the country . . . China could learn a lot from how hong kong firms structure their partnerships and manage succession.”
The survey measured employers across a range of issues, including commitment to diversity training, monitoring staff for sexual orientation, providing support for gay, lesbian and bisexual workers and the presence of openly gay board members or senior managers. Employers also scored points for placing recruitment advertisements in lesbian, gay and bisexual media, the group said.
First introduced to Facebook by his children last year, Mr Hunter has spent 12 hours a day overseeing the group he formed on the site to campaign on behalf of almost 2,000 ABCP investors.
The prime minister’s declaration will give governors in seven prefectures the power to request business closures to increase social distancing. It follows a rise in the number of coronavirus cases in Japan to more than 4,000 nationwide.
Even if those estimates turn out right, the new labels are a mistake. They reflect an ideology-driven habit of mind: if someone is not following your orders, it must be because you are not yelling loud enough. They are disrespectful, dehumanising and abusive of law-abiding citizens. They are the sign of a governing class that has lost its sense of proportion and its sense of accountability to the public.
The small band of companies looking to bring mobile telephony to aircraft cabins received a boost this week when the first airlines from two of the world’s fastest growing air travel markets signalled their intent to test the technology.
At the same time policy makers have continued to draft laws to make banking structures more secure, adding fresh regulations on capital and liquidity for good measure. The net result is a banking system in much of the world that may be on its way to being more resilient, but in the meantime is certainly not dynamic.
Mr Magnus worked on some of Morgan Stanley's biggest deals in Europe, such as Pernod Ricard's takeover of drinks group rival Allied Domecq, Punch's purchase of pub rival Spirit, and Marks & Spencer's successful defence against Philip Green.
Asked why he prefers investing in mid-market buy-out funds over the &ldquo mega buy-out&rdquo  end of the market, David de Weese, partner at Paul Capital, replies: &ldquo It is easier to turn a sailboat than a supertanker.&rdquo
Many of the dissenting countries were from latin america or the Middle East.
Investors fled Russian assets, with stocks in Moscow falling by 10.8 per cent, their biggest daily fall since the 2008 financial crisis. global markets also reacted to the prospect of a conflict and there was a jump in the price of commodities that are heavily dependent on Russia and Ukraine, such as wheat, oil and European natural gas.
Rather than citing a biased study done by private consultants, let us rely on the us department of Transportation's 2008 study, which shows that every $1bn invested in federal highways supports 35,000 American jobs.
Only weeks after ranks of colourful floats paraded across Rio de Janeiro’s Sambadrome, observers are wondering whether the carnival is finally over for the Brazilian economy. The country’s gross domestic product grew by 2.7 per cent only last year. This is about a third of the rate in 2010 and the second-lowest since 2003.
The meeting signals policymakers’ growing concerns about the rise in the oil price from about $50 a barrel in early 2007 to a record high of $111 last week.
ICE May Brent fell 68 cents to $55.64 a barrel on Tuesday after dropping to a low of $54.72 a barrel in earlier trading.
screwed up on this during a previous trip to Tuscany, when I had my equally venerable godfather along as well. Our tour of Siena was going swimmingly, a gentle descent from hotel to Duomo b（注：没有找到权威译名a href="http://italy.china.com/zh cn/turismo/html/Tuscany/Siena-Duomo.html" target= blankhttp://italy.china.com/zh_cn/turismo/html/Tuscany/Siena-Duomo.html/a）/band onwards to a bwell-earned iaperitivo /ioverlooking the bowl-shaped Piazza del Campo（注：a href="http://www.italian.org.cn/siena fenxiao.htm" target= blankhttp://www.italian.org.cn/siena_fenxiao.htm/a）/b. Both bipadre/i/b andi bpadrone/b /iseemed in fine fettle. But then we had to climb back out of the bowl, and the route to the restaurant booked for lunch included a particularly steep and cobbled section. About halfway up, my father ground to a halt. "I'm not Sir Bloody Edmund Hillary," he bellowed. To which my godfather responded: "And I'm not Sherpa Bloody Tenzing.b（注：http://www.268.co.nz/nzdetail-1.htm ）/b"
Export volumes of China’s rare earths, which have recently become a  focal point in the trade war, fell by more than 15 per cent month on month to 3,640 tonnes.
The smallest was Shenzhen Terca, which makes electromagnetic retarders for auxiliary brakes in cars. It raised Rmb122.2m.
When he took the stage with Jean-Claude Trichet, president of the european central Bank, in Davos this year, the visual contrast could not have been greater. mr trichet sat bolt upright in a crisp suit, polished shoes and chic tie. mr geithner was hunched in his chair, jigging his knee - with a pair of dirty walking boots sticking out of his suit.
Huang Guangyu, Gome’s chairman and China’s richest man, said the company needed to expand further because of overcapacity and competition in China’s electrical appliance sector.
Priscilla Zalm, the fictional sister of Gerrit Zalm, 61, the former Dutch finance minister and chairman of the state-owned bank since 2009, has been drafted in to motivate ABN’s 23,000 employees with a combination of wit, charm and daring innuendo.
Now in its third year, the AIA Vitality Healthiest Workplace survey has expanded to cover the health and wellbeing of more than 26,000 employees in the Asia-Pacific region. It reveals alarmingly high levels of mental and physical ill health.
Last year’s GCSE results in England showed the highest attainment among Indian and Chinese students, with grades higher than those from the white British group. However, Bangladeshi, Pakistani, black African and black Caribbean pupils all fell behind their white counterparts
He stopped short of endorsing the Japanese response to the nuclear disaster. He told the committee on energy in the House of Representatives that he “can’t really say” whether he was satisfied with the Japanese reaction to the nuclear events because he was receiving “conflicting reports” of events.
The Chinese view of the world stands in contrast to the way in which Russia is now conducting relations with the west. president vladimir Putin’s approach appears driven by confrontation, in ways that are dangerous for his own country and global security.
Although each of the cases has been small in isolation, analysts warn that they point to deeper risks in the Chinese financial sector as banks compete more aggressively and market forces erode decade-long controls on interest rates.
The World Bank study seeks to provide a more comprehensive picture of economic progress than gross domestic product data alone.
Baoshang’s disclosures state that exposures to one borrower of shadow loans equalled 122 per cent of net assets — far higher than the banking regulator’s 15 per cent limit, which applies only to a bank’s formal loan book. Though this borrower is not named, its description matches reporting by Caixin, which quoted an unnamed source describing Baoshang as a “piggy bank” for Tomorrow Group. Baoshang declined to comment, and Tomorrow Group could not be reached.
China Railway Group said it had had “early stage contact” with south african companies about undertaking rail projects there. South Africa’s Standard Bank, which is 20 per cent owned by the Industrialand commercial bank of China, subsequently confirmed it had signed a memorandum of understanding with China Railway to finance projects in the country.
“Asian governments can learn from Europe. If national grids will guarantee to take energy from a renewable plant for 25 years, all of a sudden you have a project that, tied with others, will interest a pension fund looking for a safe, decent yield. In the end it comes down to risk and return,” says Ben Warren, a director in consultancy Ernst & Young's renewables team. global investment in renewable energy will increase sevenfold over the next decade to more than $750bn, the consultancy calculated recently. China's oil and gas investments in 50 countries clearly signal its worries over its ability to fuel an economic growth rate taking it towards mass car and air-conditioner ownership. China now has a target of 10 per cent renewable energy by 2020 and India (quickly acquiring similar problems) has a target of 10 per cent by 2012.
The ties between Lenovo and its parent have recently become closer again after Liu Chuanzhi, co-founder of Lenovo and president of Legend, returned to the helm of the PC maker as chairman in a reshuffle aimed at stopping Lenovo's widening losses.
But the president's seemingly instinctive support for the Dalai Lama, whom he has praised as “a man of faith and sincerity and peace”, is balanced by his administration's attempt, throughout its second term, to encourage China to become what it calls a “responsible stakeholder” in the world system.
When CICC, the chinese investment bank part-owned by Morgan Stanley of the US, held its quarterly board meeting in the opulent Sukhothai Hotel in Bangkok in January, the mood was far from collegial.
The National Development and reform commission imposed the biggest fine on Mead Johnson of the US, which will pay Rmb204m ($33m).
NA: You started to use sound and dialogue in your movies, most famously with The Chelsea Girls [1966]. In this film, over the course of 195 minutes and 12 different one-reel episodes, you eavesdrop on the lives of members of your entourage. These early talkies are more reassuring as movies. People actually speak and do things! Yet simultaneously they are fragmented, episodic, disorienting. The critic Pauline Kael defined them as “dislocation joined to baby talk”.
The approaches came after Wachovia spent recent weeks working on a plan to raise about $20bn in capital from investors including private equity groups and sovereign wealth funds. Wachovia has shifted its focus to finding a buyer as its shares have fallen and the cost of its credit insurance has soared.
The US and the european union issued strong rebukes of China's political restrictions yesterday after a court in Beijing upheld the 11-year prison sentence for high-profile dissident Liu Xiaobo.
Barack Obama’s administration laid out its case for a minimum tax on the wealthiest Americans yesterday, doubling down on its bet that fiscal fairness will be a winning platform in this year’s presidential election.
The need to preserve cash could accelerate this year as the economy shows little sign of arresting its slump and company bankruptcies are forecast to reach levels not seen since the 1930s.
Snow did not fall on Warsaw this Christmas, but instead a thick, chilling drift of political anxiety settled on the streets of Poland’s capital. In a country where history is a national obsession, the erection of police barricades around the country’s parliament amid allegations of “autocracy” and political coups, almost exactly 35 years after the declaration of martial law by the then communist regime, sent shivers down many spines.
Advocates have no doubts about why. “Predictions that vehicles are going to be part of our economic and social systems for some time mean we will need to find some better way of accommodating them in towns,” says Hamilton-Baillie. Concerns over health and depleting fossil fuels will also factor in, Gehl says. “More and more cities will compress themselves and try to organise themselves differently.”
merrill lynch denied engaging in any "inappropriate transactions" involving mortgage-backed securities following a report in the wall street Journal alleging that it did deals to postpone the recording of losses.
Baidu, China's largest internet search engine, cut its revenue outlook for the fourth quarter by 14 per cent yesterday, pointing to the economic slowdown in China and to changes in its customer base following controversy over paid search listings of unlicensed medical websites.
mr cameron has just been handed a report by Lord Justice Leveson on the culture and misbehaviour of the UK press – notably Rupert Murdoch’s defunct News of the World, which hacked into the private phone calls of celebrities and less powerful victims. Lord Justice Leveson is expected to recommend some form of statutory intervention finally to tame the beast of Fleet Street, although few know exactly what.
Alibaba Group, China’s largest ecommerce company, has proposed to take its Hong Kong-listed unit Alibaba.com private amid a shift in strategy that is set to slow the growth of the website.
In Luanda's S?o Paolo market, scores of Chinese businessmen can be seen selling goods imported from home. Their arrival has prompted speculation that many are planning to put down roots. Rumours in the Angolan press that the government was considering settling large numbers of Chinese in the agricultural heartland has caused disquiet among Angolans.
Exports, which have been a main driver of growth in Japan's economic recovery, have been surprisingly resilient in the face of a slowdown in the US, one of its main trading partners.
There were so many of them: weary young men, some barely teenagers, trekking across Europe to reach the promised German land. I remember wondering a few months back, during the peak of the Syrian migration wave, why the women had been left behind.
“The situation is even worse for shoe manufacturers,” Ms Sun says. “This is normally a very busy time for them but this year lots of shoe factories have just stopped production altogether and many migrant workers have been fired and returned home.”
Seven years ago the the first internet wave finally broke, with a massive bet on fusing old and new media. a href="http://mwprices.ft.com/custom/ft2-com/html-quotechartnews.asp?FTSite=FTCOM&q=TWX&searchtype&expanded=&countrycode=us&s2=us&symb=TWX&company=NEW" target= blankbTime Warner/a and AOL are still repairing the damage. Will the second (more considered) wave of internet exuberance lead to another attempt at an industry-defining deal?
Although, April had seen a 1 per cent rise in eurozone industrial production, the underlying trend in the data has been flat or declining since the start of this year.
Between 2000 and 2005, the us economy grew by 12 per cent in real terms and productivity, measured by output per hour worked in the business sector, rose 17 per cent. Over the same period, the median hourly wage – the wage the average American takes home – rose only 3 per cent in real (inflation-adjusted) terms. That compares with a 12 per cent gain in the previous five years. Real median family income fell every year from 2000 to 2004. It increased last year but is still lower than it was in 2000.
internet search engines in China face growing risks as a media campaign against Baidu, the market leader, has broadened to target the entire industry, including Google.
According to the us energy Information Administration, Somalia has no proved oil reserves and only 200bn cubic feet of proved natural gas reserves, which have not been tapped.
But Murphy’s background in publishing and the music industry did give him an even more important qualification: that of having piloted his companies through uniquely fast-changing times. As we talk in his office in central London, where his job is now based, he draws on one of his past experiences as president of EMI Music/Angel Records to illustrate the point.
General Electric has sold its low-margin materials unit to the private equity firm Apollo Management（查自FT以往译法） for $3.8bn in cash and shares. It marks the latest attempt by the conglomerate to focus on high-growth businesses and revive its share price.
Major shareholders in many small- and medium-sized companies have been known to pledge more than 40 per cent of their companies’ stock. Pledges soared in 2017 but have come down from a peak in October last year.
The change of focus comes as us officials move closer to a record $16bn-plus deal with Bank of America over mis-selling mortgage securities that would push as much as $7bn to homeowners, people familiar with the matter have said.
Meanwhile, from next spring cufflink specialists Simon Carter will introduce knurled finishes to the fastening mechanism of some of its designs to provide better grip. “Cufflinks have been around a long time and moving them forward is like reinventing the wheel,” says founder Carter. “But there is always room for tiny improvements and I wouldn't rule out there being more to come.”
The aim would be cure more than prevention — evoking an immune response to fight off tumours already infecting patients. New cancer vaccines would be built using a synthetic form of messenger RNA. These molecules carry genetic information needed to make proteins.
Research associate, male, 23bu
Naturally, companies that send employees to Sandhurst are not expecting them to come back as army officers, or to be forced through some of the more rigorous aspects of the officer training courses. In their sixth week at Sandhurst, for example, military cadets are sent on a 36-hour march round the Welsh mountains to emphasise the crucial importance of teamwork in completing command tasks.
At Guangzhou Suilian helicopter pilot school, business is busier than ever, with its six trainers booked solid almost every day.
“We mostly export to latin america and southeast asia and countries there are having problems,” he says, highlighting the circular connections that are weakening world trade.
The number of US cinemas capable of showing films in 3D has trebled in three years to more than 700 and is expected to rise to 3,000 by 2009 – about 10 per cent of all US screens.
The Chinese New Year has traditionally been a signal for asian investors to refresh their investment strategy and plough more money into the region's stock markets. The expectation of the so-called New Year rally has been a mainstay of the annual marketing calendar for fund management companies for many years, and new fund launches are often scheduled for the festive period.
This article is a part of a series in which the financial times asks leading commentators and policymakers what to expect from a post-Covid-19 future
The Case-Shiller index has had a couple of false dawns, but other data support it this time. Activity is picking up, and supply – by the most popular definition of the number of months it would take to sell off the existing inventory of unsold houses – is under control.
The Trump administration’s trade war with Europe widened on Monday after Harley-Davidson announced it would move some manufacturing out of the US to avoid EU tariffs and Brussels prepared further retaliatory measures in case of new White House duties.
“Christie's regrets that the state administration of Cultural Heritage has taken the unusual step of announcing reprisal measures as a consequence of Christie's legal auction of the fountainheads in Paris this week,” it said.
It is 42 years since, as a teenage exchange student, I emerged from the Port Authority bus terminal and looked at new york in wonder. The city thrilled me then, and after many visits — six in the past 18 months alone — it still does.
I am proud not of imperialism itself but of some things it left in its wake. The Indian prime minister, Manmohan Singh, certainly the most economically literate and personally humble head of government I have met, made a remarkable speech in Oxford last year in which - controversially - he noted that it was proper for an Indian to be hostile to the British Empire but enthusiastic about some of its treasures, such as the english language (adorned by Indian usage) and the rule of law.
Just three weeks before the Beijing Olympics, concerns are growing that China's sweeping security measures could end up sucking all the fun out of the world's biggest sportsfest.
A fight of the phoenixes has broken out over the right to drag the most notorious name in professional services — Arthur Andersen — out of the ashes.
Bernanke, 61, is waiting for me. He is wearing a plain brown suit and a yellow tie. I have met him often since he became a governor of the us federal reserve in 2002. He is always very much the deliberate and precise academic. It was a happy chance that this scholar, known for his work on the Great Depression, was chairman of the central banking system of the US during the biggest financial crisis since the early 1930s. His new book, The Courage to Act , provides a fascinating account of the effort to save the world from another such catastrophe.
hillary clinton was deemed the winner in opinion polls and financial markets following her debate matchup with donald trump on Monday night, after she scored hits over the property developer’s tax payments, business practices and claims that barack obama was born overseas.
Descendants of the Sun, a 16-episode show that first aired in Korea in February, has been viewed more than 2bn times on iQiyi, a Chinese online streaming site, irritating the authorities.
There is little overlap between the two companies. Glencore markets Xstrata’s ferrochrome and nickel output, and advises on its coal sales. So genuine cost synergies, the ones investors should focus on, are likely to be small – perhaps only $100m after tax. Capitalised, say that is worth $1bn. Xstrata’s shares jumped by multiples of that yesterday. That means investors believe in the idea that a deal would result in considerable revenue synergies. Credit Suisse puts these at about $600m annually, mostly flowing from increased metals volumes through Glencore’s trading platform. That is a lot to bank on, especially if customers (hello China) get nervous. But Glencore shareholders have to believe it if their company pursues this “merger” at current share prices. Holders of Glencore should normally resist dilution. But then again they have to play the game to get any synergies at all.
But even with a current account target there still is a way to prevent a real rebalancing from taking place – by converting “investment” into “imports”. Suppose that a country with an excessive large current account surplus decides to reduce it by importing and stockpiling a larger amount of commodities. This would lower the current account surplus without having much impact on the trade imbalances.
“You learn from your mistakes and move on,” said Mr Bolton, whose China Special Situations fund raised £460m ($743m) when it launched with much fanfare on the london stock exchange in April 2010.
The statement by Germany’s Volkswagen is a sign of the gloom surrounding car groups in the world’s biggest automotive market, where sales fell for the first time in almost three decades last year.
In a near-exact repeat of events last summer, talks in Potsdam, Germany, between the four partners at the centre of the so-called doha round of negotiations – the EU, US, Brazil and India – broke up with sides still far apart on cutting agricultural subsidies and goods tariffs.
The impact of Beijing’s environmental push has been felt most acutely in the market for antimony, a metal used for fireproofing items, including children’s clothing.
Do you worry that mothers might be reluctant to have their daughters play with such a stereotypical female model as Barbie? /b
Price data for the UK and France are released tomorrow, and consumer prices in both countries are not expected to show significant development. The UK annual rate is expected to slow slightly from May’s figure of 3.4 per cent to  3.2 per cent, and France’s consumer price index is expected to remain stable at 1.6 per cent.
But by charging the Chinese affiliates of the leading global accounting firms, the SEC has begun a process that could hasten the wholesale delisting of chinese companies from the us stock market.
foreign direct investment into China plummeted at the start of the year when coronavirus emerged within its borders. But its rapid recovery from the pandemic, as well as the chaos the virus has wrought elsewhere, is now encouraging a flood of money into the country.
The basic insight is nothing staggering. There are job-seekers in the world, and there are job vacancies in the world, and the aim is to match seekers to vacancies to create actual “jobs”, which are matched pairs of former vacancies and former job-seekers. Searching for suitable vacancies, or suitable employees, is costly, and neither job-seeker nor employer knows whether any match will work out.
The landscape of the private equity industry in China is changing. Overseas firms, using the greenback, will find it comparatively harder to source deals and to secure approvals. The likes of Carlyle and Texas Pacific Group will have to try harder to define their niche.
Novartis is to become one of the first global pharmaceuticals companies to conduct basic scientific research in China, by investing $100m in a new drug discovery facility in Shanghai.
Their use of volatile wholesale borrowing to fund balance sheets has particularly worried analysts, who warn that banks could be left without the stability of a broad retail deposit base and unable to raise cash when most needed.
A financial times investigation, however, has found data problems and errors in Prof Piketty’s work. These include unexplained entries in his spreadsheets, cherry picking data sources and transcription errors. Taken together, these problems undermine his conclusion that wealth inequality is rising both in the US and in Europe.
brent crude on Thursday jumped above $50 a barrel for the first time since March with the rollout of Covid-19 vaccines outweighing concerns about swelling oil inventories.
Ms Liu fondly recalled a recent stint at Lyft headquarters — a colleague’s golden retriever was affectionately remembered and she recounted a Lyft journey with a retired chef.
IBM is hardly unique. Just six weeks earlier, the Department of Justice said Maxwell Technologies, a California maker of energy storage products, paid almost $15m to settle both criminal and civil charges of giving bribes to win sales of its electric utility infrastructure to Chinese state-owned enterprises by inflating contract prices to cover the cost.
Capitalism has spawned two great organising mechanisms: markets and firms. The ideas behind these mechanisms are opposed to one another. Markets involve arms-length transactions among disparate actors  the company promotes linked-arm collaboration among teams. But, somewhat curiously, these contradictory approaches are under attack simultaneously. If the assailants would only pause to note this irony, they might perhaps calm down.
As a child Barber would write to football clubs and eagerly await their replies. He says: "In those days, clubs were less commercially minded. They would send me back a handful of programmes and these were the basis of my collection. People who went to matches gave me programmes. I also went to matches where I would stand outside the players' entrance, waiting to get their autographs. I would even ask the spectators of the visiting team if they had any spare programmes."
A US congressional commission has called for probes into economic and technological co-operation with China, intensifying a campaign to decouple the world’s two biggest economies for security reasons.
The cycle could start if sovereign debt worries cut off the supply of bank funding (the money needed to support operations). Morgan Stanley calculates that european banks need €80bn before the end of the year. That is not even 1 per cent of the outstanding sovereign debt in the European Union, but a shortfall could start a downward spiral of bank failures – if neither governments nor the european central bank were willing to replace fearful private investors.
More generally, the secular transformation process triggers conflicts between the world of yesterday and the world of tomorrow—and in so doing, it makes a lot of noise. As we move toward this new destination, existing infrastructures and systems will be pressured, including governments who must now address difficult policy challenges with incomplete information and outmoded tools. Individuals and institutions must adapt to new notions of actual and perceived entitlements. Previously dominant players on the global playing field must now accept the influence of those who were hardly considered to be serious competitors just a few years earlier.
Unquestionably the government is becoming more open but western officials concede there is still a long way to go. “There is no concept of a conflict of interest,” says one diplomat.
Mr Hawksworth said such measures were unrepresentative: “You can create almost any number just by picking a specific household type and inventing typical data for that household.”
Singapore, he said, had deep cash reserves. The government was already heavily subsidising businesses that kept workers in employment. Some workers' hours were being pruned but few were losing their jobs. Besides, Singaporeans had savings they could draw on, family they could rely on and subsidised housing they could live in. There was no sense of panic. The city state would ride this out and emerge stronger.
The plans by the companies, including Google, Microsoft and Facebook, amounted to what one member of the group said was the first time an industry had ever banded together to shape the impact of a technology that had such a broad effect on the future of humanity.
Sir, Gideon Rachman is of course correct in arguing that bombing north korea is not an option (March 21). However, the reasons this would be a catastrophic act are far more profound than he presents. In the first place, north korea has about 10,000 artillery and rocket launchers within striking distance of Seoul’s nearly 20m residents. These weapons are well-protected, many in caves and bunkers. If each warhead carried 20 pounds of high explosive, let alone chemical weapons, with a firing rate of five rounds per minute, 1,000 tons of explosive or 1KT of destructive power would land on Seoul every minute. In a quarter of an hour, that would equate to a Hiroshima-level nuclear bomb being dropped on the city.
The young leader was conspicuously overweight even before taking power – “much fatter than either his father or grandfather had been in their 20s”, writes the north korea analyst Brian Myers. Over the past year, however, his weight has ballooned visibly, while frequent photographs of him smoking suggest a heavy tobacco habit.
Google is unabashed about the extent of its aims. It is in the process of building a massive global computing platform capable of absorbing vast amounts of data. Recently it extended its mission to include “applications” – the clearest indication yet that it wants to assume the same role on the internet that Microsoft has played with the PC when it comes to providing the basic tools computer users rely on in their everyday lives.
“The key problem for china equities isn’t because it has not been included in international indices. The real issues include rising leverage, the renminbi and credit-fuelled growth,” says Frank Benzimra, head of Asia equity strategy at Société Générale.
Bo Xilai, the maverick Chinese politician, who until recently was a frontrunner for promotion to the highest decision-making body of the ruling Communist party, has been removed from his position as party secretary of Chongqing municipality.
Having an economy as reliant on high-tech exports as Taiwan’s was seen as a bad idea last year, as the pain of the global economic downturn was doubly felt by Taiwanese companies who were present at nearly every stage of the technology supply chain. As a result, Taiwan’s economy shrank by a record 10 per cent at the beginning of 2009.
In the past few years, Chinese security forces have stepped up pressure against activists of all stripes, from political and human rights advocates to prominent ethnic minorities and people calling for officials to reveal their wealth. The apparently apolitical topic of sexual harassment shows just how sensitive authorities are to any form of public organising.
CIC has sought to tackle its critics head-on, conducting its business in a frank and straightforward manner. Lou Jiwei, its head, has toured global investment capitals to make his case.
Following an evaluation of global vetting procedures, the White House on Sunday unveiled tailored restrictions for eight countries that were nonetheless far-reaching and condemned by civil rights groups as discriminatory.
These developments are reminiscent of the turmoil in January 1998 when I first moved to the private financial sector after 15 years at the international monetary Fund. Then, Thailand was reeling, south korea was on the ropes, and both Russia and Argentina were on their way to sovereign defaults.
Mark Kibblewhite, managing director of Barclays Wealth, says a convergence is developing between investment banking, corporate banking and private banking. Barclays, for example, banks one in four UK corporate businesses.
“If we are able to get back to the level – and it looks like we are back to the level – of deeper co-operation, then I think the price will have been just a delay in a number of programmes,” Mr Dudas said.
The US has warned Russia that it will soon suffer casualties from its “misguided” military intervention in Syria, as Nato stepped up support for Turkey in its stand-off with Moscow.
But while the ideas that underpinned globalisation remain firmly in place, events are moving in the opposite direction. Newspapers strewn around the Davos coffee rooms told not just of a fall in global trade but of strikes in France, “buy America” legislation in the US, social unrest in Russia and anti-foreigner protests in Britain. The pledges made at Davos to “complete the Doha round” of world trade talks have now been made and broken so often, that they have the same make-believe quality as a yearly resolution to join a gym and lose a stone in weight.
The decision, which came just five days before a deadline for submitting new offers, leaves a consortium led by China’s Fosun International as the sole bidder for one of the biggest brands in global tourism, in a saga that began in May 2013.
To untangle the Doha round, the ministers need a package encompassing agriculture, manufactured goods, services and rules to facilitate trade. They first need to agree on formula reductions in agriculture barriers, farm subsidies and tariffs on manufactured goods that create real opportunities to expand trade. It is not sufficient to reduce paper tariffs or subsidies because some countries have permitted (“bound”) levels in excess of those actually in effect (“applied” levels). Also, various exceptions to the formula cuts may enable governments to block imports. To get real openings, countries must be able to explain that all the key players have cut, too.
Meanwhile, the Carbon Disclosure Project, founded in 2000, now receives reports from 2,400 companies, data that is passed to institutional investors that have more than $41,000bn in assets.
“Relying more on sales isn't a sign of panic. It's about meeting our budget for this year and then making any readjustment after that.”
Michael Buchanan, Asia chief economist at Goldman Sachs, says the dramatic fall in chinese imports from other asian countries in January shows that chinese consumers have not replaced their US and European counterparts. Instead, he says a lot of intra-Asian trade still “smells a lot of just supply-chain dynamics” feeding exports to other regions.
With the count well-advanced in a majority of states, US networks projected an Obama victory in Ohio, a mid-western state without which no Republican has ever secured the presidency. He was also tipped to seize New Mexico from his Republican rival.
“This seeming de-escalation in ongoing tensions may be a temporary reprieve,” said Elena Duggar, associate managing director at Moody’s, the rating agency. “Relations between the world's two largest economies will remain contentious, punctuated with occasional steps towards compromise,” she added.
British food exports to China leapt by 82 per cent last year driven by a near-doubling of sales of pork and salmon, making the country the UK’s second most important market for food outside the EU.
Gasoline futures were particularly rattled by Wednesday night’s announcement by Colonial Pipeline that it was shutting down the key artery carrying fuel from the Gulf coast refining hub to the East Coast, in a move that could drastically restrict petrol and diesel flows to some of the biggest cities in the US.
The move marks another effort by Haruhiko Kuroda, BoJ governor, to surprise market expectations by doubling down on easy policy in order to signal his determination for Japan to escape its decades of on-and-off deflation.
A single bottle of Penfolds Grange Hermitage has sold for A$51,750, one of the highest prices ever paid for an Australian wine, amid an industry drive to shed the country’s reputation as a producer of cheap plonk.
But with hindsight, he realises that Wal-Mart was losing direction after the dynamism of its rapid expansion across the US in the 1990s. “You go through the ‘S' curve that people talk about. The founder creates this idea. Then you get a group of people that replicate, replicate, replicate. And then you reach a point where the world's changed so much that your model just can't be replicated. And then you trail off.
As a rule, I don't buy lottery tickets. The chances of winning are small. In my view you only pay for the privilege to dream about what you would do with money you are never going to have in real life. And I don't know about you, but I can dream for free.
Then came China and a flood of cheap furniture that made it impossible for many companies to compete unless they shifted production to Asia.
At a briefing in New York, officials promised that the central government would not tolerate backsliding or lax oversight on the part of local and regional authorities. They said that there would be “zero tolerance for violators or government officials who fail to perform their duties”.
（http://www.publish.citic.com/book/info.asp?foldername=1105）/b
“London is a pretty congenial place to live,” says Clare Maurice, head of private wealth practice at Allen & Overy. “I have done work in Brazil where people go round with bodyguards and drive bullet-proof cars. London can be liberating because nobody knows who you are.”
Beijing has so far not been as bold and successful as Taipei in cooling its stock market. Last week's increase in stamp duty from 0.1 per cent to 0.3 per cent seems merely tinkering at the margin, even if it has caused shares to fall.
overseas investment by private entrepreneurs has increased recently, which might reflect concerns about the security of their wealth in China. This development has alarmed the government, while chinese banks have imposed new conditions on capital outflows.
We’d only had him a day or two when a possibility struck me.
Top policymakers announced in December that “houses are for living in, not for speculating with”. This was news to many citizens, for whom a house has become not only a place to live, but an investment, a pension plan, a status symbol and often a prerequisite for marriage.
After months of talks convened by the US Treasury, in the wake of Greece’s restructuring, debt experts will today unveil a framework that could transform the relationship between indebted nations and lenders. Lawsuits filed by creditors against defaulting governments have doubled in the past decade and the changes come at a time when levels of sovereign debt have risen to record highs.
Her achievement was the more remarkable because of the broader undemocratic context: the numerous freedom movements that were crushed elsewhere and authoritarianism creeping back to south east Asia.
The Aberdeen Global China Opportunities Fund, for example, invests in Hong Kong-listed H-shares in mainland Chinese companies. The First State Greater China Growth fund holds about half of its assets in mainland-listed stocks, a third in hong kong and a fifth in Taiwan.
Germany looks set to become the most powerful opponent of Mr Cameron’s plans. Frank-Walter Steinmeier, the new German foreign minister, has accused the uk prime minister of posing a threat to German interests with his push to reform the principle of free movement.
“Their submarine force and their navy are as active as they have been in a long time — 20 years or so,” Adm Richardson said. “How are we going to posture our forces to make sure that we maintain the appropriate balance and are suitably engaged?”
But he also told the financial times that there had to be room for a platform between Ikea’s own website and general sites such as Amazon that sold almost everything.
Rural banking in China seems an unmissable opportunity: 700m potential depositors, the vast majority of whom have never been within spitting distance of a credit card or a standard adjustable-rate mortgage.
The ratings agencies are entitled to “ratings surveillance” payments under the terms of the contracts even when the CDO has performed poorly. This highlight how lucrative the in­stru­ments were for the agencies, with annual pay-outs of up to $50,000 made to track the deal even after fees were charged to rate the initial transactions.
The resulting uncertainty alarmed investors and caused the Egypt Stock Exchange’s benchmark EGX-30 index to close down 3.42 per cent.
“In the UK employee referrals bring in 20 per cent of our recruits at 50 per cent cost savings,” says Valerie Hughes D'Aeth, group HR director. “In India about half come through referrals and the savings are closer to 75 per cent. Referrals are hugely successful both for employers and employees.”
Although the US iPhone is a GSM device, it is “locked” to AT&T. You can use it while travelling overseas, but you will be liable for AT&T's international roaming fees.
The beijing government has announced it will spend Rmb4,000bn ($588bn, &#8364 460bn, &pound 373bn) over the next two years on infrastructure and social welfare. But the stimulative effect of the plan remains unclear, in part because of confusion about how much of it is actually new.
A global collapse in eurozone bond yields since Britain’s vote to exit the EU has dramatically reduced the stock of eurozone government paper standing above the yield threshold set for the ECB’s €1.7tn bond-buying project — raising concerns that the ECB will have to make sweeping changes to avoid running out of bonds to buy.
In a front-page article about the “new look” of state-owned enterprises, the People’s Daily said they were the backbone of the chinese economy and stronger than at any point in the past two decades.
chinese industrial action cost Cooper Tire $29m in the three months to September 30, the Ohio-based company reported, shedding rare light on the economic impact of a labour dispute in China.
Time and again, recep tayyip erdogan has proved willing to back down in diplomatic disputes when the circumstances required it. As his row with donald trump ramped up in recent weeks, wreaking havoc on the Turkish lira, many analysts were convinced that economic necessity would once again force the Turkish president’s pragmatic streak to shine through. But Mr Erdogan’s continued defiance has triggered growing anxiety that this time could be different.
A report by the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, a defence think-tank, has found that Huawei paid for all or part of 12 trips to China by MPs over the past eight years, which is equivalent to more than one in five of all trips sponsored by companies since 2010.
The data gave more ammunition to China's critics in the US Congress, who have said they will proceed with legislation to restrict chinese imports to correct the perceived misalignment of the country's currency. The us treasury has been pursuing quiet diplomacy with Beijing to allow the renminbi to rise, but lawmakers said they were losing patience.
Traditional banks rely on deposits from households and companies to fund their lending. Banks in which deposits comprise a large share of total liabilities are viewed as safe because deposits are unusually “sticky”. In the UK, for example, the average retail account holder stays with their bank for 17 years, longer than with their spouse at 12 years.
While delegates debate rising food prices or the outlook for the global economy in the conference centre, many chief executives will be deep in conversation with their counterparts in hotel meeting rooms, bars and restaurants.
The departure of General Stanley McChrystal as commander of the US and Nato mission in Afghanistan must usher in a review of what is a failing military strategy. At the same time, president barack Obama's officials must demonstrate greater unity in dealing with America's allies and developing its approach. The appointment of General David Petraeus comes at a critical moment – when the crisis in Afghanistan is affecting the west's ability to project a comprehensive united foreign policy stance.
These palm civet droppings, which an untrained eye would not give a second glance to, are the raw material of what for a moment earlier this year was the world's most expensive coffee.
Kazutsugi Namiand other executives of L&G, which made bedding and healthcare products, are suspected by authorities of running a pyramid scheme that promised investors annual returns of 36 per cent in interest and to double their capital after three years.
In an interview with the Financial Times, Mr Mulally said that the closure of a handful of European factories over the past year was not enough to bring capacity down to a sustainable level.
I never went to business school. I went to the business school of life. And I did so from an early age. I was brought up in an Italian immigrant family with a work ethic that teetered on the verge of slave labour.
Ever since the big stock market crash of 1987, investors have grown to depend on the us central bank coming to the aid of financial markets when they hit the skids. Now the central bank is well and truly “all in”, announcing a slew of new initiatives on Monday designed to buy time for an enfeebled financial system. Until now, the Fed implied, the system has been in no shape to withstand an escalating pandemic that has the us economy facing the biggest hit to growth since the 1930s.
China’s economy would have expanded at less than 6 per cent in the first quarter if not for the collapse in global commodity prices, according to data reviewed by the Financial Times, raising concerns about the government’s ability to hit its 7 per cent growth target for the full year.
On the campaign trail the president-elect made much of the links between Goldman and his rivals and used an image of Lloyd Blankfein, the bank’s chairman and chief executive, as a symbol of corporate greed.
At the August meeting, Fonterra directors demanded an immediate public recall. By the end of the month, there had been at least three meetings with local government officials, but they pursued a quieter “trade recall” from wholesalers. The last thing they wanted was the public humiliation of a poisoned milk scandal on the eve of the Olympics.
Analysts said yesterday that there was ample scope for output to increase over the next year in response to rising prices and after years of stagnating production. That and any rally in the dollar could lead to a correction in the gold price.
The collection of ivory figurines of deities and immortals, sewing boxes, brush pots and other “exquisite” objects mainly from the 17th to 19th centuries was amassed by the Shanghai trader Sir Victor Sassoon in the early 20th century.
The deal enables the EU to send migrants arriving illegally on the Greek islands back to Turkey in exchange for an easing of visa requirements on Turkish visitors and financial aid. However, mr erdogan has responded coolly to the agreement and has shown increasing hostility towards the EU.
Juan Carlos Varela, the president of the central American nation, said that signing up to Beijing’s “One China” principle would generate “great potential in all areas” including investment and job creation.
The chinese currency accounted for 2.03 per cent of international transactions via the Swift global bank payment messaging network last month, up from 1.86 per cent in August.
Disclosure: Professor Malkiel is chief investment officer for Alpha Shares, which along with S&P, provides the index for the HAO and TAO funds mentioned below. He also has a small holding in the Templeton Dragon Fund (TDF).
What’s not to like? Plenty it seems. The stock fell almost 6 per cent in after hours trading after Sina released first quarter forecasts and fourth quarter numbers that seemed to disappoint.
The former deutsche bank trader – now a hedge fund manager and one of the world’s most prominent credit investors – was about to reveal his big investment idea to an audience that had paid as much as $1,500 a head to hear from him.
The Alibaba-backed company is braving the public markets at a time when hong kong is being roiled by protests, further pummelling stocks listed in the territory that have already been sent reeling by US-China trade tensions and recessionary fears. Hong Kong’s benchmark hang seng index has shed 8.4 per cent this month.
Cooking times for boiled jungle explorer? There’s an app for that. As the PC market shows signs that the second half of the year will be weaker than expected, there are signs that tablet computers are beginning to cannibalise sales of their folding compatriots.
Officially both its potential rivals, the Inter-American development bank – in which the US has a 30 per cent stake – and the smaller Andean Development Corporation, have welcomed the development, arguing that with plenty of money around and many pressing infrastructure and social needs, there would be plenty of business.
Their survival offers pointers for other manufacturers in high-cost countries vying with low-wage nations such as China.
China took a step back from its promise to move towards more market-oriented domestic fuel prices, warning on Friday that Beijing would limit petrol, diesel and other fuel price increases when oil costs moved above $80 a barrel.
Hong Kong's government has yet to develop a comprehensive solution to tackle the air quality issues that affect tourists and residents alike. Cross-border collaboration with the mainland has proceeded slowly, even though there are more than 50,000 Hong Kong-invested factories across the border.
Put simply, the vice-president and the cabinet could mount a coup against a sitting president seen as unfit to carry out his or her duties. The intent of the amendment was to deal with a situation when the president was incapacitated by, say, ill health. But the wording looks sufficiently open to allow a broad interpretation of such incapacity. That anyway is what was being said by members of Mr Trump’s own party in the bars of Munich.
Your problem may be worse than you think. You work for a management consultancy that only has a canteen? All the decent ones have restaurants. Start looking around today.
“I never thought of this as a war film but as one that will promote dialogue and challenge the audience's ideas – no matter what their point of view.”
As the collapse in currencies cut into Asian demand for western products, it was good reason to sell stocks in the US and Europe. During the six months of the collapse, the S&P 500 was flat, interrupting a protracted bull run. It took off again once the asian countries troughed in early 1998.
The study used genetically engineered mice lacking a protein critical for adapting to the sex hormone fluctuations of pregnancy and the postnatal period.
state grid Corporation of China and Hong Kong-based Cheung Kong Infrastructure are expected on Monday to submit separate bids of more than A$10bn ($7.47bn) for a 50.4 per cent stake in Ausgrid in a privatisation that is unlikely to attract a local bidder. But the sale of the New South Wales electricity distribution company is drawing sharp criticism from independent politicians, who have gained influence in parliament following a knife-edge election on July 2.
The legal complaint filed yesterday in the name of a reporter for the China Business Post demands that the inner mongolia bureau of press and publications rescind the three-month suspension order imposed over its reporting on alleged mishandling of loans at the agricultural bank of China.
When the hong kong property market collapsed at the end of 1997, prices fell for nearly six years before bottoming out at one-third of the pre-crash level.
The results, announced on Wednesday by the Brazilian institute running the trial, pave the way for the rollout of the vaccine in Brazil and should please Beijing, which has made grand promises to manufacture and deliver vaccines across the developing world.
The first edition of The Undercover Economist sported a pulp-fiction private investigator on the cover. I’d suggested the image because, well, why not? Little did I realise I was anticipating a trend: the economist as detective.
“If you expect us to rush in and do everything the European and American banks can’t do any more, you will be ­disappointed,” said an official at Bank of China in Moscow. “We want to develop our Russia business, but we have to consider the risks as well.”
Total plans to help build nuclear power plants in return for better terms and access in the oil and gas industry in countries with which it already has long relationships, Christophe de Margerie, the chief executive, told the Financial Times.
IFM Investors, one of Australia’s largest pension funds, said on Wednesday it had signed an deal with state power to sell the portfolio of 19 hydroelectric and wind farms in Australia, Chile and Brazil. It did not give a sale price but local media put it at more than A$2bn.
“They are moving forward, they are not making diplomatic overtures, they are accumulating low enriched uranium,” said Cliff Kupchan, an analyst at the Eurasia Group, a risk consultancy in Washington. “These guys are committed to their nuclear programme: if we didn't know that, they just told us again.”
Leading corporate lobbyists said the departure of Gary Cohn, a centrist force in the White House policy maelstrom, could endanger the economic gains flowing from recent corporate tax cuts and undercut US leadership if it led to more aggressive actions on trade.
However, its authors noted “the darkening clouds of downside risk are looming much larger than a year ago” and also offered a more pessimistic scenario in which a deep housing slump in the US would lead to a hard landing for the dollar and an outright recession. The impact of lower us imports could then cause world economic growth to plummet to as low as 1.6 per cent.
Makers of automobiles, the biggest consumer durable of 20th century civilisation, also have no choice but to adapt. The transition from gasoline-fuelled vehicles to electric and hydrogen power, which will drastically reduce CO2 emissions, is fast approaching. current market leaders will not necessarily be winners in the future.
There are many sound eponymous institutions. One or two of the most successful merchant banks were founded by, and named after, one person – for example, J.P. Morgan & Co and S.G. Warburg & Co.
Apple, the maker of the iPhone, has reached heights that have not been seen before, with a market valuation of $770bn. It is worth more than the entire S&P 600 small-cap index, or two Berkshire Hathaways.
However, as negotiations unfold, both creditors and borrowers have discovered unpalatable elements in the arrangement.
Sales next year could fall by between 4 and 27 per cent compared with 2008, depending on the severity of the expected global recession, according to industry analysts.
Mr Stuhlmann's comments followed several attempts by politicians and the Bundesbank to play down any sense of a crisis. Peer Steinbrueck, finance minister, said he thought bankers had the situation under control. Axel Weber, Bundesbank president, last week described the bail-out of IKB, another German bank, as an “isolated, institution-specific” incident.
The Qingfeng fast-food chain is the most famous place to buy steamed buns in China. In late 2013, the country’s president xi jinping visited an unassuming branch in central Beijing, a well-publicised yet “surprise” appearance that portrayed him as a man of the people and echoed the ancient practice of Chinese emperors leaving the Forbidden City in disguise to mingle with their subjects.
At a major communist party meeting in October 2014 known as the Fourth Plenum, leaders pledged to strengthen “socialist rule of law”, including steps to lessen political interference in court cases.
One of the few clear victors in the policy m&ecirc l&eacute e around the G20 meeting is the international monetary Fund, which is in the process of both acquiring a lot more money and making it easier to get it out of the door.
Acer vowed yesterday to overtake Hewlett-Packard as the world's biggest seller of notebook computers before the end of next year on the back of its latest affordable, ultra-light notebooks.
Logically, such a move makes sense. In practise, dealing with two classes of shares, one of which is denominated in a non-convertible currency, is tricky. There are 109 listed B-shares, around 85 of which also have renminbi-denominated A-shares. For these A-share companies, buy-backs are one option. Since the hard-currency shares trade at an average discount of 30 per cent, that could make financial sense too. But chinese companies generally abhor buybacks, preferring to spend (or squander) cash on growth opportunities. Moreover, they would have to raise cash on the A-share market to finance purchases – something regulators may prefer to avoid, while bigger companies are bent on doing the same.
While both the declining dollar and slowing us demand for imports has helped reduce the trade deficit faster than expected, there is little sign that other engines of world growth are ready to take up the slack.
Soldiers were deployed on Bangkok’s streets, at television stations and around a large pro-government protest site outside the city, as commanders called for calm and insisted this wasn’t the military’s 19th effort to oust civilian politicians since 1932.
Many investors were asking whether China’s resolve to maintain a stable exchange rate was weakening, now that the renminbi has achieved its long term goal of membership of the SDR. Fears of devaluation were mounting fast.
But the company unwittingly gave a demonstration of just how big a leap it was taking in building its own brand. When the troupe led chief executive Peter Chou on to the stage, he looked slightly awkward – an engineer among dancers.
One financial times article that caught my eye this week concerned the success of Meituan Dianping, whose “Everything app” enables chinese consumers to have their meals delivered, review and book hotels, and even order at-home massages. After the company’s revenues rose by 44 per cent in the third quarter, it is now worth about $75bn.
Now Mr Chang, back in Taiwan since 2013, runs the Chinese Unity Promotion party that backs unification between communist China and democratic Taiwan, which Beijing regards as a renegade province.
Joe Biden, the US vice-president-elect, warned yesterday that the american economy was in danger of “absolutely tanking” without “bold” action, as transition officials started negotiating an expanded stimulus package with Congress that could exceed $800bn.
China Eastern Airlines said its net profit in the third quarter rose 13,524 per cent, or 136-fold, from the same period a year earlier to a record of more than Rmb3bn. air china also reported a record quarterly net profit in the third quarter of more than Rmb5bn, although that was a paltry increase of just 483 per cent over the same period a year earlier.
After a year in New York, where he continued his street pictures, Struth graduated and extended the series to Tokyo and to other European cities, including Edinburgh, where he had his first British exhibition in 1987. The black-and-white pictures – for the most part, devoid of people, though certainly not lacking signs of human presence – were all taken on a large-format camera from a central perspective, looking straight down the street towards its vanishing point as the buildings diminished equally on either side. The effect of this direct view, far from being neutral, compelled the viewer to study the pictures in extreme detail  to take in the overall construction of the street within the frame of the photograph, and then to study its individual elements as the eye travelled down the length of its development, scrutinising and evaluating all the way.
Oil analysts said that although the disruption was relatively small, the physical market was so tight after supply outages earlier this year in areas from Libya and Syria to the North Sea and Azerbaijan that the loss of crude had already been felt.
Others argue that even without extensive research and development onshore, India's IT industry can still prosper. Innovation in India is as much due to entre- preneurialism as it is to IT skills, says Arun Maria, chairman of boston consulting group in India.
This comes as British forces are ending their combat operations in Afghanistan amid UK budget cuts. defence secretary Philip Hammond last year agreed savings of 1.9 per cent after 2015, triggering warnings that the armed forces had become overstretched.
The move underlines a broader search for new growth markets for Apple, at a time when some wall street analysts predict iPhone sales might fall this year, for the first time in its history.
Many companies have turned to “agency” or “labour dispatch” employees to escape the higher costs associated with China’s 2008 Labour Contract Law.
There is no place to hide in the brutally competitive smartphone market. BlackBerry always faced a hard challenge to claw back market share, but has ultimately been let down by a make-or-break revamp of its touchscreen devices that met with mixed reviews and poor initial sales.
Laos high-speed railway
On one level, the secretary of state’s article was just a primer for November’s crowded calendar in the region. barack obama will be in Bali for his first east asian summit. He will also host the annual heads of state meeting of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum in Hawaii, his birthplace.
I was always pro-American. I grew up on wartime stories of chocolate-distributing GIs liberating European towns. In 1980, aged 10, I moved from the Netherlands to California with my parents and was enchanted. The houses were bigger than in cold, pinched Europe, the TV more fun, and Americans spoke to strangers on the street. Even ordinary people had big houses, and they routinely ate out. (In Europe in 1980, a restaurant meal was a big deal, reserved for occasions like your grandparents’ silver wedding anniversary or a cousin’s release from prison.)
After the acquisition, it will become a Geely subsidiary but remain headquartered and licensed in the US. The deal has been approved by the Committee on foreign investment in the united states (Cfius).
Officials are still smarting at comments by Timothy Geithner, the new us treasury secretary, who told a Senate hearing last week that China was “manipulating” its currency. China's commerce ministry said, in an unusually prompt and sharply worded response, the allegation was untrue and could encourage US protectionist sentiment.
“Our global business is growing at a greater pace than our domestic business. So we’re hoping we should be able to double it [as a percentage of the total business] in the next 10 years,” said SBI chairman Om Prakash Bhatt.
“I have some students with me from LA,” says Franco chummily. “Or do you want this to be super-private?” The question throws me slightly and, much as I want Lunch with the FT to evolve into a free-flowing Californian media studies seminar group, I think it best to stick with tradition. “Whatever you want,” he says, putting his hand on my shoulder and smiling broadly.
Last week Danone started legal proceedings against Wahaha, its chinese joint venture partner. Suing for breach of contract, it claimed that Zong Qinghou, Wahaha's owner, was selling identical products to their jointly-produced versions on the side.
“We have clearly got more room to inject more capital and more capital will need to be injected over time using the variety of tools at our disposal.”
Many high-yield investors are banking on the assumption that Beijing will bail out troubled issuers to protect jobs and the economy, market-watchers say. “There are few long-term investors in junk bonds,” said Ivan Chung, an analyst at Moody’s in Hong Kong.
Huawei has attacked the US and its allies for spreading fear about its telecoms equipment because of “ideological or geopolitical concerns.”
There are plenty of other pressing problems for the new president. Our education system is failing to meet our children's needs. Our healthcare system is stretched beyond capacity. Energy, meanwhile, consumes much of our wealth but not enough of our attention. Dependence on fossil fuels not only poses critical questions about the security of supply but is adding to climate change – one area where the US has failed at the national level to show the leadership the world needs from us.
world trade has this year recovered to the record levels of the pre-crisis boom  investment flows from the developed world into emerging economies are back above $1,000bn a year – short of the 2007 record of $1,200bn but higher than any year before that, according to the International Institute of Finance, the bankers’ body.
“They are skating towards the end of the envelope but we won’t know whether they are over the edge until the market tightens up and some of the weaker credits get into trouble.”
China's domestically listed equities, trading on 37 times this year's earnings, are among the world's most expensive. This is partly predicated upon rampant earnings growth. Double-digit rises in nominal gross domestic product do provide a big kicker. But earnings have been growing much faster than this. Domestically listed companies posted a 59 per cent year-on-year jump in earnings per share in the third quarter of 2007. Much of this is from unsustainable gains, however, as companies mark equity investments to market.
“The current republican presidential candidate offers only bluster or preposterous panaceas for Asia — ideas which, if they ever find their way into policy, will wreck our country’s credibility, economy and leadership in very short order,” says a copy of the letter seen by the Financial Times.
Baghdadi’s death was undoubtedly a symbolic blow for a once potent terror group which is losing its power, analysts said: only this year, Isis surrendered the final portion of its self-proclaimed caliphate, a sliver of territory in north-eastern Syria, to US-backed forces.
But the concatenation of deals places a lot of pressure on Australian treasurer Wayne Swan, who has the power to approve or reject them. The administration, led by one of a handful of Mandarin-speaking premiers outside Beijing, is instinctively pro-China. Yet among developed economies, Australia and Canada have the toughest foreign investment regimes in the world. Canada, because it is sleeping next to the elephant  Australia, because it owns the resources everyone else wants. The fear is that Australia will end up as a pure supplier nation at the foot of the value chain, having ceded vital technology and know-how.
China's emphasis on internet-based espionage contrasts with Russia's focus on traditional methods involving secret agents and other infiltrators. Students, visiting experts and foreign trainees from many countries are active in Germany in gathering business intelligence, the BfV report said.
It is that time of year when famous people put on baggy black capes and peculiar hats in order to hold forth on university lawns to thousands of students and their parents.
The world’s most powerful central banks joined forces to sell billions of dollars worth of yen, battling speculators – described as “sneaky thieves” by one Japanese official – who have driven the currency to record highs.
The turning point was the establishment of four dedicated asset management companies in 1999 to resolve non-performing loans at the big four state banks. ICBC was regarded as being ahead only of agricultural bank of China, which has so far proved to be too difficult to reform. ICBC was forced to wait while its more solvent peers – Bank of Communications, china construction bank and Bank of China – preceded it to market.
Financial history suggests that such deleveraging rarely occurs smoothly, or without having a knock-on effect on the wider economy. What makes this episode particularly unnerving are signs that the pain is spreading from hedge funds to banks. As George Magnus of UBS says: “Deleveraging may prove longer-lasting [than expected] and not confined to the US sub-prime mortgage market . . . Gloomier scenarios, including hard-landing risk, must be considered in the event that the ongoing financial malaise worsens and endures.”
China and India have urged the developed world to act more responsibly in managing their debt to restore global financial stability, according to a rare joint statement published by Beijing’s finance ministry.
The softer benefit of the Great Reclamation would be a mingling of English and French culture. Land borders have greater porosity to ideas and lifestyles than marine ones. The English would realise that it is sometimes justifiable to squander time that could be spent at sales meetings, in eating and making love. The French would twig that there are disadvantages to treating entrepreneurship as a form of social deviancy and to retiring public servants at the first signs of crows' feet.
Not only have new york and London done relatively better than their near competitors but the top 10 cities in the survey lost an average of just less than nine points, while the bottom 10 of 62 ranked cities fell on average 40 points.
Masato Kitera told the financial times he agreed with Japanese business leaders’ belief that the country would sign up to the China-led development bank by June.
News International, Mr Murdoch’s London-based company, is under criminal investigation for alleged telephone hacking and illegal payments to police officers. Scotland Yard has 50 officers on the case. Executives have been accused, under the protection of parliamentary privilege, of perverting the course of justice. The allegations about the activities at the tabloid News of the World have stirred a wave of public revulsion. With advertisers threatening a boycott and the prime minister endorsing calls for a public inquiry, the company has announced the closure of the best-selling 168-year-old Sunday title. It will probably re-emerge as the Sunday Sun.
That was a lesson learnt too late by Bain Capital. The us private equity group was forced this year to abandon a joint takeover bid with Huawei of China for 3Com, the us technology company, after it became evident that Cfius would reject the deal on national security grounds.
In May last year, the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business also received one of the largest cash donations in its history in the form of a naming gift from Charles Harper, former Con-Agra Foods chairman and chief executive, after whom the school's new 415,000 sq ft building is now named. At Johns Hopkins University, a $50m gift in December 2006 has paved the way for the opening of the Carey Business School.
But some companies are benefitting in a big way: China’s biggest producer of rare earths, the Shanghai-listed inner mongolia Baotou Steel rare earth Hi-Tech Co, announced on Tuesday that its net profit in 2011 quadrupled from a year earlier, rising to Rmb3.5bn ($552m). The jump in profits, which exceeded Baotou’s earlier guidance, sent the share prices up 8.4 per cent during trading.
Vivendi is looking at bringing out more online multiplayer games, starting with Freestyle Street Basketball, which allows people to challenge each other to basketball games online.
My five-year-old son came home from school and asked me: "Mummy, what's a credit crunch?" How can I explain this?
Since taking office in late May, the new administration has overseen the resumption of non-stop air traffic links with China, partly removed restrictions on Taiwanese companies' investments in China, and liberalised cross-Strait portfolio investments and cross-Strait listings.
More and more of these loans originate from Singapore as international banks move their China business out of Hong Kong, leading Chinese firms to set up shop in the tropical entrepot to tap offshore dollar liquidity.
Summit statements that condemn violence, call on the developed world to share power with developing countries and urge diplomatic dialogue with Iran are easy to agree. It is far harder to build common positions on issues such as security when there is deeply-rooted suspicion between Brics members themselves. Beijing and New Delhi are locked in long-standing border disputes, while Russia is stepping up its military investments to counter China’s. Trust is more difficult to build when political differences span the spectrum from communist to authoritarian to democratic.
Investors in the £465m of senior secured bonds that back the company are in advanced talks over a restructuring deal, according to two people familiar with the discussions. These are likely to result in control of the UK business being handed to the debt holders, they said.
“With the North Koreans’ continuing development of nuclear weapons and their development of intercontinental ballistic missiles, north korea is becoming a direct threat to the US and we have to take that into account,” mr gates said. “I don’t think it is an immediate threat but, on the other hand, I don’t think it is a five-year threat.”
Its advances, which propelled it from 46th place last year to 31st place out of 190 countries, are part of a broader trend of convergence in regulatory and administrative practices between emerging markets and advanced economies.
This strikes me as another giant fudge. If the first column says “what I like”, the second should be “what I don't like” – which is powerful and precise. By contrast “what can improve” is mushy and misleading. If you are impetuous, that isn't something that can easily improve. It's the way you are.
ICBC's offering, the world's largest, attracted global subscription orders in excess of $500bn. With such competition for ICBC and other China-related offerings, investors frequently receive only a fraction of the shares they subscribe for.
The probe into titanium sponge is the fifth of its kind launched by the trump administration — which has invoked the power to block or limit trade flows into the US based on national security considerations much more frequently than its predecessors.
Thousands of people like Mr Thomas around the world are looking ahead to a summer of unpaid leave or fewer working hours as employers try out a raft of methods to counter the deep recession. Companies across the spectrum &ndash  from Cartier in luxury goods to BBVA among the banks and KPMG in professional services as well as Union Pacific, the rail operator, and ArcelorMittal in steel &ndash  have looked at ways to cut costs without axing jobs. Their aim is to ride out the downturn with as much talent intact as possible.
Agile did not provide an explanation for Mr Chen’s detention. Financial magazine Caixin reported at the weekend that communist party anti-graft investigators had discovered evidence of bribery by Agile through a former top official from the provincial capital of Kunming.
Even Saudi Arabia, the cartel's most powerful member, which initially opposed the 500,000 barrel a day cut announced last month and is close to the US, appears to be in agreement that the group needs to reduce its production.
That suggests an efficient response both to news and to the absence of news, in sports betting markets at least.
Data from TomTom, a location technology company, suggest that rush-hour traffic in some big chinese cities has recently reached levels comparable to the average across 2019.
Paul Otellini's challenge is to make sure the world's biggest chipmaker gets smaller. Smaller circuitry, smaller power demands, smaller chips for smaller devices – the process is never ending.
As the period of ultra-loose monetary policy in the developed world inches to a close, a paradox calls for explanation. Throughout this extraordinary monetary experiment managers of listed companies appeared to see risks everywhere and have been reluctant to invest in fixed assets despite enjoying the lowest borrowing costs in history. By contrast financial institutions have been fearless in propelling markets ever higher.
The average 85 per cent price increase agreed with Rio Tinto, the Anglo-Australian miner, was within the range of expectations, analysts said. Chinese mills had been expecting a price rise of at least 65 per cent, in line with that agreed with Brazilian miner Vale this year.
The prediction was made by bankers, producers and analysts attending the London Bullion Market Association conference in Berlin – the biggest gathering of the gold industry. If correct, it would mean an increase of nearly 11 per cent on Tuesday’s record price of $1,310.10 an ounce, triggering big profits for the world’s largest gold miners, such as Barrick Gold, Newmont Mining and AngloGold Ashanti. The LBMA poll has proven an accurate – even conservative – forecast over the past few years even if the presence of miners and bullion investors skews the poll.
kuala lumpur scolded Thierry Rommel, a european union diplomat, for meddling when he suggested in June that Malay privileges were discriminatory – he said they amounted to protectionism and could complicate free-trade talks between the EU and the Association of South-east Asian Nations.
Eight of the world’s largest banks are set to discuss financial settlements with the European Commission, drawing a line under a four-year probe into allegations they formed a cartel to rig the $5.3tn global foreign exchange market.
Beijing has long wanted to do this but with limited success, despite a decade of trying. There is still little to suggest the party is willing to tackle the institutional implications of the large wealth transfer from local governments and elites to households this entails.
As carmakers around the world contend with a near total collapse in sales, and months of uncertainty even after they restart their plants, Ms Coleman’s tale offers a slim glimmer of hope to an industry caught in the grip of the pandemic.
The escalation of North Korea’s nuclear and missile programme has dealt a blow to an already beleaguered group of Chinese experts who advocate a softer approach to Beijing’s unpredictable neighbour.
Nine Democrats on the committee voted against mr pompeo but were ultimately outnumbered by 11 Republicans after Rand Paul, a libertarian Republican from Kentucky opposed to interventionist wars, threw his support behind the nominee in a last-minute decision.
Culture is not a fluffy chimera of business how-to books or self-congratulatory corporate reports. Culture, real and unnoticed as the air we breathe, is the web of unspoken mutual understandings that frame what people expect from others and think is expected of them. This web shapes the fortunes of any organisation or social group. Bob Diamond, Barclays’ disgraced ex-chief executive, knew this  he once declared “the evidence of culture is how people behave when no one is watching”. He was right, but did not act accordingly.
How do you solve a problem like China’s excess corn stocks?
Apple said its iPhone sales in India grew by 56 per cent from a year before in the first three months of 2016, as the company reported its first revenue decline for 13 years. “I view India as where China was maybe seven to 10 years ago,” mr cook told analysts last month. “There’s a really great opportunity there.”
Selection of stories is one way the western channels are accused of “attitudinal bias”: plenty of focus on the victims of terrorist attacks in the west, but not much about the millions dying in the Democratic Republic of Congo or from treatable diseases in the developing world. At its worst, such bias can mean lack of scrutiny of, for example, western governments in the justification for the war in Iraq. AJE, though, has significantly more coverage than CNN and BBC World News of events in developing countries and less coverage of Europe and the US. Like the BBC and CNN, it covers its geographical home (the Middle East) more than the other two channels: the BBC has more coverage of Europe, and CNN of the US. But it also seems to have more content on under-reported parts of the world such as Sudan – in part, perhaps, because it enjoys more access.
When we drive our cars, heat our homes or use fossil fuels in more indirect ways, all of us create these costs without paying for them. It follows that we overuse these fuels. This is not some kind of government planning argument — it is the logic of the market: that which is not paid for is overused. Even if the government had no need or use for revenue, it could make the economy function better by levying carbon taxes and rebating the revenues to society.
As for the journalist (whom you might have correctly identified as me), she is wasting her time trawling for cheap second-hand shirts that she does not need, when she should be writing columns instead.
Corporate China is bracing for a big tax increase as the government steps up collection of payroll levies that fund the country’s social insurance programmes, after years of allowing smaller companies to shirk their obligations.
The proportion of people running established businesses in the UK is 93 per cent of the start-up rate, showing that most ventures survive.
It is now expected that gross domestic product will record a small increase this year on the back of strong export growth. Exports have held up remarkably well throughout the downturn. They are expected to grow by 6 per cent in real terms this year thanks to an increase in demand in our trading partners and also a significant improvement in our competitiveness over the last two years.
Of the 156 schools, 39 were excluded because of insufficient alumni data. The response threshold that the FT sets is 20 per cent of the entire class with an absolute minimum of 20 responses.
Similar interruptions to trade credit have occurred in the past in times of great financial market stress such as the 1997-98 asian financial turmoil.
president donald trump and north korean dictator kim Jong Un abruptly cut short their Hanoi summit, cancelling a signing ceremony after the two leaders failed to reach a deal over denuclearisation.
Yet amid the turmoil the renminbi has been a relative bastion of stability. Even as the currency hit its weakest level against the dollar in four months on Tuesday at Rmb6.21, it was only a modest 1.6 per cent weaker than the seven-month high touched on October 31. By contrast, the JPMorgan emerging markets Currency index fell 5 per cent over the same period.
Stuart Fraser, head of policy for the City of London, said: “London and new york are the two global cities and they are going to remain the global cities for a while yet but [other centres] will close the gap a bit.
I grew up in Beijing and left when I was 16 to go to high school in the US. After that, I went to Harvard and studied applied maths and economics and became very interested in international development. At first it was an academic interest and I was going to do a PhD, but I decided academia wasn’t for me. So I went to work for McKinsey for three years and did a lot of work in developing countries, with governments, NGOs and companies that were thinking of getting into new markets. There was a lot of focus on health, which was an area that really interested me.
Add in surging demand for hong kong dollars triggered by record turnover in the city’s stock market and inevitably questions arise about the suitability, and the sustainability, of the tight 32-year-old currency peg. Last week, the hong kong monetary authority intervened in the markets to maintain the peg for the first time since last August. Yesterday, Norman Chan, HKMA chief executive, said the stock market rally produced $4.4bn of inflows last week. By comparison, the HKMA spent about $1.3bn in total last August on its market actions.
The us president also appeared to contradict his defence secretary Jim Mattis, declaring there was no reason to spend large amounts of money on war games with South Korea, only a day after Mr Mattis said joint military exercises were continuing.
Leaving aside a few complexity theorists such as Beinhocker, this is not the way that most economists think about what makes countries rich. It is not that they disagree, simply that they tend to focus on more easily measurable aggregates, such as the total stock of capital and labour.
While schools such as Stanford and Yale are revamping their MBA programmes, there are no such plans at Harvard. Indeed, Prof Light says many schools will end up with programmes much more like the Harvard MBA. He believes this is no bad thing. “We think of ourselves as an intellectual leader,” he says. “We want other schools to be more like us.”
Li was known for her heavy groundstrokes, especially her forehand, which marked her out as an opponent able to excel in new-style power tennis. In an interview with the FT over email, she notes that her injuries merely added to the pride she takes in her achievements: “I am proud that I was able to overcome many obstacles, including my knee issues. People don’t realise how hard it is to play at the highest levels when you are injured. I am proud of my fighting spirit.”
Another explanation for more men reporting infidelity than women could be ”self-presentation bias”, where respondents - even in anonymous polls - strive to give ”correct” answers, even if they aren't true. Or maybe everyone lies, and a few people lie a lot. An academic in Britain found that if you strip away the men who claim to have had 20 or more sexual partners, the ratio between male and female numbers becomes almost even.
Internet dating can be scary. You post a description and photograph of yourself for thousands, if not millions, of people to see, you add details of the kind of person you are looking for and then wait for someone to show an interest. It's a step into the unknown. What happens if your only replies are from dull or unattractive people? Or - even worse - what happens if no one replies at all?
During the second quarter, Mr Buffett’s berkshire hathaway bought a $565m stake in Barrick Gold, the world’s second largest gold miner. Shares in Barrick, which mines in Africa, latin america and the US, have risen 37 per cent since the beginning of April. Also in the second quarter, Bridgewater invested in gold-backed exchange traded funds — which allow investors to buy physical gold like a stock — worth $316m, according to company filings.
The government and the market should try to deal with temptation. We hope that lenders will ask families to have done some saving in order to qualify to buy a home. Conscientious lenders could also nudge people to get off the refinancing merry-go-round, by suggesting that the term of the loan be shortened when a loan is refinanced. More ambitiously, private and public institutions could try to reintroduce an old social norm: try to pay off the mortgage sooner rather than later, and at the latest by the time you retire.
The worsening violence is raising questions about how both sides can resolve the stand-off, which began when the government tried to push through an extradition bill that would have allowed criminal suspects to be sent to mainland china for trial.
If Bellzone defaults, China Sonangol has the right to claim the London-listed company’s potentially lucrative iron ore prospects in Guinea. The heart of an eclectic conglomerate that stretches from Angolan crude to Manhattan real estate, China Sonangol is jointly owned by Sonangol, Angola’s national oil company, and a group of investors known informally as the “Queensway Group” after the hong kong address to which many of the companies in its sprawling corporate network are registered.
strong demand from Asia for luxury goods and recovery in more mature markets boosted sales and profits to higher-than-expected levels at LVMH in the first six months, underlining signs of a revival in the sector.
Mariano Rajoy, Spanish prime minister, insisted when he came to office that not one euro more of taxpayers’ money would be used to bail out the banking sector. But the meltdown at Bankia, the savings bank that holds 10 per cent of the country’s deposits, has forced Mr Rajoy to confront the bull elephant in his room.
That will be music to the ears of the army of retail investors who surfed the wave of Mr Mott's prior incarnation as a fund manager. Having cut his teeth at Buckmaster & Moore, the stockbroker snapped up by Credit Suisse in the mid-1980s, Mr Mott earned fame and acclaim as manager of CSAM's flagship Income fund. From 1985 to 1996 the fund was ranked third in its 35-strong peer group. Mr Mott took up the reins once again in 2000 and during the subsequent three years the fund was ranked number one in a sector that had ballooned to 60 funds.
For top executives at Citic Securities, Mr Tang was a big reason the deal went forward. Wang Dongming, chairman of Citic Securities, says none of the other firms that approached him from the US had anyone comparable to Mr Tang.
GPS will also be installed in boats both of the sailing and rowing variety. It is often difficult for spectators on shore to follow what is happening during a sailing competition, but GPS tracking should make it possible to create real-time images of what is happening on the water. For rowing enthusiasts, GPS technology will make it easy to determine a boat's speed and the stroke's strategy and tactics.
The Indian government’s fiscal response to the crisis was also criticised as failing to hand out enough money to those whose incomes collapsed because of the government restrictions.
What creditors actually recover will be worked out over the ensuing months in bankruptcy court and it could be higher (or lower). Even so, Tribune is a reminder that the downturn could bring greater credit losses than ever before. “You have leverage at historically high levels in an economy that is in historically dire straits,” said David Bullock, managing director at Advent Capital.
The full impact of the new global bank capital rules announced at the weekend is likely to be 30 per cent tougher than the headline ratio suggests, according to regulators and industry participants who have studied private banking data.
Many local governments had previously given their LGFVs valuable land for free in order to boost their borrowing capacity. But the practice has been banned by the central government, forcing local governments to resort to transfers of lower quality assets.
Prices of some commodities, such as corn and wheat, are now fluctuating as much in a single day as they did in a year in the early 1990s.
The frank assessment from Peter Kurer was accompanied by a fresh defence of the bank's plan to withdraw capital from its investment bank, which has generated writedowns exceeding $37bn during the credit crunch.
The respite was only temporary, says Hiroshi Ono, Aeon’s director of business planning in the city. By late that September morning, an even larger crowd was back to protest against Tokyo’s purchase of a group of disputed islands in the east china Sea. This time protesters surged through the building’s doors and across its more than 60,000 square metre floorspace in a frenzy of smashing and looting. Staff fled and the Chinese store manager escaped with the help of security guards and police.
He argues that the costs are high because latest science had become more alarming and because previous estimates had not taken into account people's aversion to the risk of catastrophic climatic outcomes, which increases the sums they are prepared to spend to deal with the problem.br
Rome fell. Babylon fell. Hindhead’s turn will come.” George Bernard Shaw’s bon mot in Misalliance was a reminder to British theatre audiences in 1910 that all empires eventually decline and fall. The fact that Hindhead is an English village was a light-hearted cloak for a serious point.
Such unusually lavish features fit with Singhania’s flamboyant lifestyle, which includes an extensive collection of sports cars and hobbies ranging from motor racing to jets. Yet in Mumbai, the second thing to note is that these features seem oddly familiar, given that an extremely similar structure stands less than a mile away. That building, known as Antilia, boasts just 27 floors. But it features broadly the same cantilevered design, alongside correspondingly extravagant interior features, and belongs to billionaire industrialist Mukesh Ambani, India’s richest man.
finance ministers from the 17-country currency bloc meeting in Brussels yesterday signed off on funds to underpin a €206bn restructuring of privately held Greek debt. But they requested a “detailed assessment” by european union and international monetary fund officials by next week of implementation of 38 measures before handing over the remaining €71.5bn.
Many Japanese spent Sunday floating lanterns down rivers, honouring the souls of the departed. A similarly timeworn tradition was played out in Tokyo yesterday as the cabinet office revealed gross domestic product numbers that failed to meet expectations. The eclipse of Japan as the world’s second-largest economy is a sideshow. The more telling statistic is that its nominal output has retreated to levels last seen way back in 1993. Unlike other rich economies wrestling with deflationary forces and minimal growth, though, Japan has largely come to terms with its decline. The big banks make no secret of their desire to build assets overseas rather than at home, where deposit growth consistently outpaces demand for credit. No chief executive is being fired for preferring the payment of huge takeover premiums for growth outside Japan over domestic investment. When it comes to disappointing domestic growth, investors have seen it all before. Equities barely budged on the news, while 10-year government bond yields sank further below 1 per cent. There will be calls for remedial action from the Bank of Japan, although it has no low-risk way to ease monetary policy much further. Yet few will be pushing for truly radical economic reforms. After all, the country is the world’s third most peaceful, according to the Institute for Economics and Peace  its Misery Index ranking – inflation plus unemployment – is less than half the big-economy average. Radical moves such as relaxing immigration controls remain off the agenda: last year Japan’s population of foreigners fell for the first time in 48 years. Yesterday’s numbers – and the markets’ shrugs of indifference – showed that the country is quite happily trading growth for harmony.
One morning in 1983, in my final year at university, I received a postcard from a professor of medieval history. &ldquo Would you like to meet up,&rdquo  he asked, &ldquo so we can discuss an interesting career opportunity?&rdquo
Richard Nesbitt, chief executive of the Toronto stock exchange (TSX), says consolidation is being driven by technology which - with staff - is one of the two big costs facing any exchange. "If you amalgamate exchanges, you can continue to reduce the costs of your technology by sharing platforms," he says. He believes the exchanges world could divide into what he calls "super-continentals and strong regionals".
The flow of capital into Asian property from outside the region is accelerating as a result of the credit crisis in the US, according to a report on the sector published today.
Under the proposal, DTRI's founders are expected to remain with Qinetiq in an advisory role, enabling the British company to capitalise on their contacts among the us intelligence community. The us intelligence market is typically difficult to enter for foreign contractors.
Population trends in India certainly look more favourable for long-term economic growth than those in China. It is not just that India’s population may have surpassed that of China and will grow faster in future. More important, the Indian population is significantly younger than that of China, which means that it will have a larger working-age population than China, and fewer retired people to support. The recent history of Japan demonstrates that an ageing and shrinking population has a powerful negative effect on economic growth.
We cannot predict the outcome of the Greek election, nor whether a new greek government will simply drive a harder bargain for more subsidies, rather than seek to leave the eurozone. Greece’s eurozone partners are frustrated, although they still seem willing to offer considerable aid to avoid a crisis precipitated by a Greek exit from the euro – if Greece’s leaders and public commit to a viable programme.
Reliable measures of inflation expectations exist only in the industrialised world. In the US, long-term expectations as implied by bond market prices moved briefly higher following the half-point interest rate cut in September – a reminder that stable expectations cannot be taken for granted.
Iran’s aviation authority will not hand over to the manufacturer or to us authorities the flight recorders from the Ukraine International Airlines Boeing 737-800 that crashed moments after take-off from Tehran, killing all 176 passengers and crew.
The amount of cash raised from initial public offerings of private equity-backed companies nearly halved this year as the global financial crisis continued to restrain investor appetite.
So the site is clear and fast. Users don't like pop-up ads or big logos, so there aren't any. They have one principle - to please users - and they follow this doggedly. Nothing else gets a look-in.
Jean Claude Trichet, president of the european central Bank, said: “We noted that [Japan] had exited its zero interest rate policy, that its recovery is now broad-based. We agreed that the yen will reflect these developments”.
He said China &ldquo is in the investment &lsquo sweet spot' where incomes per head of population rise steadily and levels of consumption increase at an accelerating rate for a period of time. ... Never before has this kind of development happened in a country of over 1.3bn people.&rdquo
And while the Democrat has built up an extensive network of advisers who agonise over his foreign policy positions, Mr McCain's advisers stress their candidate is his own man. A series of polls has indicated that mr obama is by far the more popular throughout the world but both hope to capitalise on international relief at the departure of mr bush – and both may find themselves battling unrealistic expectations.
Chinese livestreaming and short video group Kuaishou is set to raise up to $6.3bn in a hong kong initial public offering in a test of investor appetite for China’s tech sector as it faces growing regulatory scrutiny.
“The law demands that financial, and certain non-financial, institutions keep the identity information of clients and transaction records [and] report large and suspect transactions,” Xinhua reported.
“This is very late, and it is not the prompt predictable ‘surge’ payment that was promised to the World Bank’s board when the scheme was approved,” said Olga Jonas, a senior fellow at Harvard’s Global Health Institute, who worked at the World Bank for 33 years.
The Beijing Times reported that Abbott Laboratories, Danone and Mead Johnson Nutrition were also involved in the probe, along with Wyeth Nutrition, now owned by Nestlé.
The man who made some of the boldest contrarian bets in the bond market last year has a new message for investors: get out of supposedly safe government debt now, before it is too late.
Hunan Valin Iron & Steel Group has joined the growing band of Chinese entities showing interest in Australia's resources sector after it emerged that it had held talks with Fortescue Metals, the country's third-largest iron ore producer behind Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton.
China is the most fruitful of these countries. It accounts for 40 per cent of emerging market assets and its share is predicted to grow from $5.3tn to $9tn by 2023, according to Morgan Stanley, the investment bank, and Oliver Wyman, a management consultancy.
At a time when most resource-rich countries are becoming more difficult for international companies, Libya is an exception, and Shokri Ghanem, chairman of the country's national oil company, is leading that strategy.
Lin Zuluan, 67, who led months of sometimes violent protests last year against allegedly corrupt land deals and rigged local elections in the Southern village of Wukan, was named party secretary and will be responsible for organising a new local poll, according to local residents and state media reports.
The worries about Opec's production cheating yesterday grew larger after Kuwait and the united arab emirates informed some of their larger customers in Asia that they will supply them with more oil in January than in December.
That is understandable. There are factors that point to the risk of a sharp slowdown in China, such as the fast-slowing property market in the cities. But they do not tell the whole story. Do not underestimate the growing importance of the rural economy in keeping gross domestic product growth going at a steady clip. Real rural income growth was 11 per cent in 2011, outpacing its urban equivalent of 8 per cent. Last year was also the fifth consecutive year in which rural income growth exceeded 8 per cent.
China's equivalent of Twitter continues to make a loss, but investors seem happy enough with its latest results.
“Listing is not just an issue of raising money. More importantly, it helps to form a modern enterprise system,” said Mr Yu. He said he was looking overseas rather than at the domestic exchanges because of the higher listing and regulatory standards offshore and lengthy delays in initial public offerings at home.
mr mandelson has upped the rhetoric against China over the past year, complaining that European trade with the country is largely a one-way street and that the Chinese have blocked businesses with regulations.
“If you need someone there on site through the day running shifts for security and maintenance, they can [also] answer the phone and do check in at the desk,” he said.
Mr Jia’s whereabouts were unclear on Tuesday and LeEco could not immediately be reached for comment. But the urgent request from the regulator was the latest sign of troubles for LeEco and Mr Jia, who only a year ago oversaw a sprawling technology empire and fashioned himself as one of China’s top technology magnates.
Executives have issued an edict that GSAM’s 2,000 employees must curtail spending, including a ban on all travel that is not associated with meeting clients and winning new business.
China's exports have fared surprisingly well in the face of a US recession, rising 13 per cent in real terms in the year to October, according to the World Bank, while global imports rose 6 per cent.
Like Verizon, AT&T has announced plans to expand its global network in an effort to serve the increasing number of multinationals with operations in fast growth markets like China, India and Brazil. AT&T and Verizon compete in these markets with a handful of other global telecommunications groups including BT, Spain's Telefónica and Deutsche Telekom.
If, in the words of Google chairman Eric Schmidt, there is a “race between people and computers” even he suspects people may not win, democrats everywhere should be worried. In the same vein, Lawrence Summers, former Treasury secretary, recently noted that new technology could be liberating but that the government needed to soften its negative effects and make sure the benefits were distributed fairly. The problem, he went on, was that “we don’t yet have the Gladstone, the Teddy Roosevelt or the Bismarck of the technology era”.
However, data and theoretical deduction tell a different story: economic globalisation is still the norm. In fact, the engine of globalisation has shifted from developed to emerging economies. Therefore, the latter should continue to open up their markets and seize the opportunities the next round of globalisation will bring.
Paul Lambert, head of currency at Insight Investment Management, sees a quasi-float along the lines of the Singapore dollar. He adds, however, that investor wariness of corporate governance standards could remain an intangible but very real barrier to international fund flows.
Toyota Tsusho, the trading arm of the Japanese carmaker, said it was developing plans to build the $1.5bn pipeline, which would run for 1,400km from Juba, the capital of south Sudan, to the Kenyan island of Lamu, where an oil export terminal would be constructed.
The battle for funding is only going to get tougher once the us federal reserve begins in earnest to taper its massive supply of cheap us dollars to the world’s financial markets.
I work as the PA to the chief executive of a large company that has been hard hit by the recession. Over recent weeks his levels of stress have risen to the extent that he has been told by the board to take time off to rest at a well-known clinic that specialises in helping
The trial of Lord Black was another fine example of a US prosecutor securing a conviction for a white-collar crime.
The changing appetites of Asian shoppers have driven share prices of luxury groups up and down during the course of 2011. Concern that the devastating earthquake that hit Japan – one of the most important markets for luxury goods – in March would stall demand for top brands was cushioned by burgeoning demand from newly affluent Chinese consumers. However, over the summer, fears of a slowdown in China’s economy wiped as much as 25 per cent off the share prices of luxury groups, including Burberry, which is expanding on the mainland.
Three new Maggie’s centres, radically different and strikingly conceived, have just opened, and others are on site. One, at Glasgow’s Gartnavel Hospital, is the work of one of architecture’s last remaining intellectuals, Rem Koolhaas and his firm OMA, and looks like a shattered version of a modernist dream of transparency and regularity. The second, in Nottingham, is by the English eccentric Piers Gough, with an interior by Sir Paul Smith, and resembles a novelty teapot. The third, designed by the late Japanese architect Kisho Kurokawa, opened in Swansea this week and evokes the swirling forms of a cosmos in formation. Each centre is extraordinary, charming and challenging and they ask difficult questions.
In comments reported by state news agency Xinhua on Thursday from a speech given at a meeting of regional leaders in Cambodia on Wednesday, mr li said the chinese economy had performed above expectations in 2017 as trade reversed two years of declines.
“By the time I realised that the project I came here for wasn’t going to happen, all my stuff was in a container being shipped across the ocean, so I decided to stay and see what happened, because it is such an exciting city to live in.
Chinese power shortages are contributing to high global energy prices. China's coal supply for power generation is estimated to be 250m-300m tonnes below demand this year.
More than 100 activists across mainland china have been detained for showing support for the hong kong pro-democracy demonstrations since they began on September 26 and at least 33 are still being held, according to Amnesty International.
mr bernanke told the Senate Budget committee that the effect on the “vibrancy, efficiency and growth rate of our economy” would soon be “palpable”.
After years pushed to the sidelines by high valuations and fierce competition from private equity, so-called “value” investors believe the financial and capital market crisis now offers a great opportunity to buy companies at bargain prices.
In the videos, recorded last week, the ailing billionaire accused his relatives of “something like robbery” and said he would fight to reverse the controversial transfer of his casino empire to his third wife and the five children from his second wife.
A: Bearing in mind my view that Russia looks more attractive in the short term but that China will continue to produce strong gains over the long term, my suggestion would be to balance an investment between the two. One possible strategy could be to place two-thirds of a portfolio in Russia and a third into China and then rebalance as Russia outperforms relative to China. In other words, sell down your Russian investments and increase your Chinese exposure.
us stocks recovered and curtailed a rally in government bonds on Wednesday as investors pushed back against deepening concerns over the global growth after a trio of central banks slashed interest rates and fresh warning signs emerged over the health of the German economy.
What is coherence? I’ve written before about heart rate variability, which reflects the fact that your heart beats at different rates over time. The interval between heartbeats is your HRV and measuring this can help you determine when your body is fully rested.
Many of the world’s largest hedge funds have been left nursing billions of dollars in losses following the industry’s most brutal month since the collapse of Lehman Brothers.
Mr Dufour says CFF plans to follow the lead of some European issuers, by selling covered bonds in the US. HBOS of the UK moved into the US last year, tapping a potentially huge market.
There is also an over-allotment option for the company to sell an extra 113.7m existing shares, bringing the total amount raised to $1.5bn.
asian markets failed to start the new year on a positive note, with chinese shares falling more than 3 per cent as the country’s central bank allowed the currency to weaken again and data underscored weakness in its manufacturing sector.
Ms Deseine believes that in seeking to fill the gaps in their knowledge through courses rather than experimenting at home, today's young adults are being quintessentially French. She has a point. By and large, France remains a country obsessed by the need to possess formal qualifications before undertaking most tasks. “Winging it” is not an option.
It comes after Chinese companies, including Cosco, spent $20bn buying up overseas ports in the year to June, double the amount they spent in the same period a year earlier.
Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and other big banks are bracing for a renewed public and political backlash against their compensation plans as they prepare to unveil multi- billion dollar bonus packages.
A majority of those polled said high-quality corporate bonds had been oversold after investors had abandoned corporate credit of all grades over the past year in favour of the safest and most liquid assets, such as government bonds and gold.
From his early collecting days Nourmand still has the poster for the 1958 Hitchcock film Vertigo. The poster, designed by Saul Bass, cost $300 in 1990. The last copy in mint condition that he sold at the gallery went for &pound 5,000, but the other one is still in his private collection.
The lurid terminology, coupled with a lack of detail on what behaviour is being targeted, has led critics to suspect that the investigation is an extralegal attempt to intimidate would-be sellers. But lawyers say that bearish bets can
China South Locomotive and Rolling Stock, the country's biggest train manufacturer, intends to raise up to $1.5bn by a dual listing on the hong kong and shanghai stock exchanges.
The loosening measure — the first known step towards deregulating outbound money flows since outflow pressure began in late 2014 — suggests the authorities are increasingly confident they have weathered the country’s worst-ever bout of capital outflow. The us dollar has weakened against a range of global currencies in recent months, lessening pressure on the renminbi.
While diplomats and people close to the family have said the couple, Peter Humphrey and Yu Yingzeng – co-founders of mainland-based investigative firm ChinaWhys – would be tried in secret on August 7 in Shanghai, China has previously kept silent.
The EU is frustrated with the euro-renminbi exchange rate not only because of China's ever-increasing trade surplus with Europe, but also because the dollar's decline means the euro is bearing the brunt of China's reluctance to allow an appreciation of its currency, the Rmb.
The anti-pollution industry is not limited to hardware. Air Matters, a mobile phone app publishing a real-time air quality index, first gained fame in 2011. It reached more than 800,000 daily active users in 2016, during a period when thick smog coverd half of the country. More than half its users live in Beijing and Shanghai.
The Reserve Bank of India joined a growing list of asian central banks that are opting to tackle inflation at the expense of economic growth by raising its key “repo” lending rate by 25 basis points to 8 per cent – its first such increase in more than a year. “With a view to containing inflation expectations, it is essential to take appropriate action on an urgent basis,” the RBI said after business hours and ahead of a scheduled review of central bank interest rate policy late next month.
During Sars, China experienced a two-month sell-off that caused the market to drop about 10 per cent, according to research from Maybank. Singapore and hong kong markets suffered similarly.
Two Republican appointees joined the court’s four liberal justices to decide the issue in a 6-3 ruling that said the 1964 civil rights Act also applied to gay and transgender people, meaning employers cannot fire them because of those characteristics.
Dalian Wanda, the Chinese property-to-entertainment company headed by China’s richest man, Wang Jianlin, is to branch out into one of the hottest mainland investment sectors: private hospitals.
The mention of restive Pakistani regions also reflects New Delhi’s growing unease over Chinese plans for $46bn worth of infrastructure projects in Pakistan, including in disputed parts of Kashmir now held by Islamabad but which India claims as its own.
Finally, referencing is another minefield. It tends to operate on the “black ball” principle, so clubbable types benefit. The language used to describe the same characteristics for men and women is different, and words matter. While you may well recruit a man described as impressive, clear-thinking, ambitious, incisive and passionate, would you really recruit a woman described as formidable, opinionated, pushy, impatient and emotional?
“The us government is constantly tightening its control of chinese companies listed in the US,” mr li told China Daily. “Internally, we are constantly discussing what we can do in response, including a secondary listing in hong kong or other places,” he said.
Maybe that’s why the people from Mars One came to China on Friday to recruit settlers for the red planet.
The result is expected to provide a platform for mr putin to remain Russia's most influential politician while complying with a constitutional bar on more than two consecutive presidential terms by stepping down next year.
The old thought experiment about how a butterfly flapping its wings in China can cause a tornado on the other side of the world has become economic reality. The effects of the Chinese government’s attempts to contain the spread of the new strain of coronavirus are rippling through global supply chains. For the moment, the world economy has been relatively robust. That will not last if the virus continues to proliferate.
The drop-off reflects a larger trend. Clinton Cards, the UK card retailer, reported that like-for-like sales of its brand fell 7.1 per cent in the 16 weeks to November 16.
The results show a brief surge in cardiac deaths every time there is a systemic bank failure. The effect is more pronounced in developing countries, said Dr Stuckler – perhaps because people there feel more concerned about losing everything if banks fail than their counterparts in wealthy countries where there is a stronger financial and health safety net.
Of leading nations, then, Japan has been an aberration. We may lament the fact that yet another country has declared itself ready, if necessary, to wage war. We may abhor the nationalistic rhetoric of prime minister shinzo Abe. However, we should recognise that all the country has done is inch a fraction closer towards becoming a “normal” nation.
Several european countries have failed to prepare to meet the demands of millions of tourists from China, India and elsewhere in Asia who are expected to drive the future growth of the global travel industry, according to industry experts.
“We have an active swap with China that the previous government left us and we will try to make it bigger,” Mr Peña said.
china development Bank’s leasing arm is on course to set a new hong kong record for locked-up shares, with an initial public offering that aims to raise up to $1.1bn but that potentially allotts as much as 90 per cent of the float to cornerstone investors.
Former political leaders have a right to earn a decent living, the more so when they leave office in their early 50s. mr blair makes much of his philanthropic foundations and hefty personal contributions to good causes. The trouble is that the boundaries between private profit and public service are hopelessly obscured – one assumes deliberately so – in the corporate labyrinth that is tony blair Associates.
Peter Wuffli, chief executive, warned that investor concerns about economic growth and political events could prompt a slowdown in the second half. He also said the pace of UBS’s share buybacks would decline after recent acquisitions.
After years of debt-driven corporate spending, defaults on Chinese offshore bonds are surging. The figure of $2.7bn recorded in January is about one-third of last year’s total. The biggest contributor was a $2bn default by semiconductor company Tsinghua Unigroup.
‘We are all being blamed for a crisis in leadership’Many respondents said they were losing faith in their leaders and felt that the pandemic had been poorly handled — with the exception of some Europeans and respondents from parts of Asia.
Land has been owned by the state or by rural “collectives” since the the communist revolution in 1949 and cannot be bought or sold by individuals. Under current laws, peasant farmers have mostly been given 30-year land use contracts that allow them to farm plots allocated by local party officials but make it very difficult to sell those contracts or use their land as collateral for loans.
The move takes the index well into bull territory, having gained almost 27 per cent since touching a January low. February is set to post the best one-month performance since April 2015.
A recent relaxation of rules by Beijing will allow mainland investors to buy Hong Kong-listed securities directly for the first time.
Beijing is due to release figures on the economy’s first-quarter performance on Friday, with economists predicting a sharp contraction.
mr trump has said he would not sign the bill unless Congress increased the direct payment cheques sent to Americans from $600 to $2,000 per adult.
Earlier this year, the Institute for Defense Analyses released a study which concluded that the US export control system “appears to be out of step with today's world of global manufacturing, technology developments, and capital flows”.
China's ministry of commerce (Mofcom) stunned bankers, lawyers and investors on Wednesday by blocking the deal, which would have been the largest foreign takeover of a Chinese company. The decision was based on competition grounds, namely that Coke might abuse its dominant position in China's fizzy drinks industry by imposing bundled sales of juice drinks.
Seoul has also strongly protested to China about the incident during which local protesters criticising Beijing&rsquo s hosting of the 2008 Olympics were attacked by Chinese students. Police are still investigating but those students found to be involved now face eviction from South Korea, its foreign ministry said.
There is no doubt that the exchange-traded fund was a brilliant invention for gold miners. It now holds 1,232 tonnes of the yellow metal, mined by its inventors and reburied in the vaults of HSBC in London. Its buried treasure is worth $71.6bn, and the Trust – known as GLD, its ticker – was briefly the world’s biggest ETF this summer.
Enter the high-end buying agent: property professionals who have the well-honed skills to secure a home despite the secrecy and jealousy.
Nanyang Technology, a little-known and mostly inactive company already listed on the shenzhen stock Exchange, quietly moved last summer to acquire the unit that makes the Caihong (Rainbow) series of drones from the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC), according to two people briefed on the plans.
All of this met with paeans of praise from business and education groups when the review was published. Skills enthusiasts, such as Mr Campbell, who advised the authors of the report, concede that although there have been plenty of scares in the past about the country being taken over by emerging economic powers, this time is different. The sheer size of China and its ability to "compete right across the value chain" makes it much more of a strategic threat than any other competitor in the past. "The world is changing fast," he continues. "In 10 years, China will be bigger than the combined economic weight of every single EU country put together. The changing global pattern of economic advantage and prosperity represents the biggest economic change since the rise of the US. In this fast changing world, a relatively high wage economy like ours can only prosper if we move up the value chain, produce more high value added goods and services, which are more sophisticated and of higher quality." Some organisations have questioned whether the UK workforce really is as uncompetitive as all that. The fact that the UK has gone from bottom to second in terms of gross domestic product among G7 countries suggests the country must be doing something right, despite what Lord Leitch describes as its "mediocre" skills. Martin Wolf, the FT's chief economics commentator, sounded a rare note of dissent, arguing that Leitch was too preoccupied with improving the skill levels of those at the bottom of the pile which, the international evidence suggests, makes little difference to national wealth. He points out that the country with the smallest proportion of its labour force with low skills is the poor Czech Republic, while the soaring Irish economy has more of such people than the UK. "In short, the Leitch report looks like just another in a series of proposals to remedy the failures of schooling," he wrote. "If that were the aim, it would surely be better to extend the student loans being offered to the lucky few going to university to all those seeking further education.
That distinction matters enormously. Irrespective of who gave Stuxnet virtual life, Iran’s nuclear ambitions and capabilities remain poorly understood. Scientists, diplomats and intelligence officials disagree about its behaviour and intentions, the value of diplomacy versus economic sanctions, and the possibility of military intervention.
With due respect to elections in Canada and the European Parliament, the west’s most important democratic event of 2019 will be a saga of intra-party jostling with no actual votes taken until the following year. Prepare for the US Democrats to choose a presidential candidate.
The opaque nature of Chinese politics makes it difficult to say with any certainty what will happen to Mr Zhou, and some analysts suggested yesterday it was still too early to write down his chances of promotion.
The US already moved up to the second broad category of sanctions on July 16 (the day before the downing of malaysia airlines flight MH17). This type of sanctions is designed to squeeze the financial lifeblood out of the Russian economy by banning credit and capital flows to major Russian banks and corporations, starting with Rosneft, Novatek, Vnesheconombank and Gazprombank. The EU is set to follow the US across this Rubicon – with the focus, judging by the European Commission’s consultation paper, on cutting off Sberbank, VTB and other state-controlled banks from external funding markets.
Iran yesterday signed a $16bn gas contract with Malaysia, intensifying its efforts to shift its flow of oil and gas deals towards eastern countries and bypass US-led pressure to thwart investment by western companies.
We are observing an accelerated run on the shadow banking system that is leading to its unravelling. If lender-of-last-resort support and deposit insurance are extended to more of its members, these institutions will have to be regulated like banks, to avoid moral hazard. Of course this severe financial crisis is also taking its toll on traditional banks: hundreds are insolvent and will have to close.
In Nanjing, Yang Chao, chairman of the country's largest insurer, stands up, to applause, and addresses the troops. “Our new goal is to become a leading global insurer,” he says, to more thunderous applause.
Commenting on the importance of self-contained, vertically independent communication networks, Keith Hayward, former head of research at the Royal Aeronautical Society in the UK, notes: “You’re not beholden to anybody to gain access to the system. You can configure the communication for military deployments and to encrypt upward and downward links to your satisfaction.”
Greece, in its desperate struggle to avoid default, is unique. Europe’s policymakers defend this argument until they are blue in the face. But Portugal’s economic slump and grim battle to repay its debts are threatening to prove them wrong – and to place another storm cloud over the euro.
Ms Yellen’s success is a tribute to her judgment and thoughtfulness. Importantly, though, like Alan Greenspan in the 1990s, she recognised quickly a major structural change in the economy and adjusted policy away from where traditional models would guide it. In Mr Greenspan’s case the structural change was the acceleration of productivity growth. In Ms Yellen’s, it was the decline in the neutral rate of interest — the rate of interest at which saving and investment would balance without either a major acceleration or deceleration in growth.
The grounding of Boeing’s 737 Max 8 threatens to complicate US-China trade talks by making it more difficult for Beijing to present us president donald trump with a headline-grabbing boost to the value of goods it buys from the US.
So many readers have sent messages saying that their boss is as erratic and as bonkers as yours that it makes one wonder if there are any normal, stable ones around - especially in investment banking.
Last year, the Ministry of Commerce introduced regulations to try to force chinese companies to act responsibly in Africa. Cheng Siwei, a leading member of the National People's Congress, China's legislature, warned chinese companies that a lack of social responsibility would damage their reputation and potentially their viability in African markets.
Peter Mandelson, eu trade commissioner, said compromise was needed to preserve the credibility of the multilateral trade system.
A colonel working for North Korea’s spy agency has fled to South Korea, Seoul revealed on Monday — one of the most significant defections since the 1953 armistice that ended the Korean war.
What goes up must come down. But it can go up further before it does so.
Perhaps, then, we should follow the example of French cuisine, and borrow wholesale from the Chinese lexicon. When cooking and eating French food, English-speaking people freely use words like isauté/i, hollandaise and mayonnaise. Even our most basic culinary concepts – chef, menu and casserole – are straightforward linguistic thefts from the French. Should we not do the same with Chinese? We already do to some extent – think of “wok”, “wonton” and “dim sum”  and “tea”, which comes from Fujianese dialect. Some alien Chinese concepts also jump over linguistic boundaries, like “small eats” (a literal translation of the Chinese ixiao chi/i) and “mouth-feel” (from ikougan/i).
The big losers were the Chinese and Indian markets, down 40 per cent and 36 per cent respectively.
According to CLSA, the Asian brokerage house, by the end of 2007 the number of gambling tables in Macao will more than triple to 4,300 from 1,400 at the end of last year. Over the same period, hotel rooms will increase 63 per cent to 17,200. “What las vegas built in 40 years, Macao will build in 10,” says Prentice Salter, a former executive of Mr Adelson’s las vegas sands group who is now with Superesorts, a Macao-based consultancy.
A decade ago Apple launched the iPod with the slogan “1,000 songs in your pocket”. The claim encapsulated seamless integration of content and delivery. The launch of the iPod mattered not just for what it did, but for what it implied for the future. The age of the personal computer was ending, giving way to an era in which a single handheld device would be the gateway to every service that could be delivered electronically.
The group on the Hsi-Lo Bridge, 12 of Taiwan's leading women in business, art and the media, is only one example. Over the past two years, increasing numbers of Taiwanese have bought their own bicycles, the pricier the better, joined cycling clubs, and taken to the roads on weekends and during holidays.
Sean Egan, a critic of conflicts of interest concerning the general credit rating payment model, and his company are the first to be charged by the Securities and exchange commission since it was given oversight of credit rating agencies.
A far more serious threat would be a cascading series of defaults that would eventually include one or more of the eurozone's large countries. That would be a momentous challenge for the system but the policy response would be no different, only faster.
The gold mining sector is braced for asset writedowns and a fall in the amount of reserves in the ground after the precipitous drop in the price of the metal this year.
hong kong presents a particular challenge: it is the city in the world where I am least likely to see (or be able to parse) a menu and, as a consequence, least likely to order a single dish. I end up with many, in the selfless interest of our readers.
The world’s biggest miner reported a 22 per cent rise in pre-tax profits from $19.2bn to $23.5bn in the year to June 30 as BHP benefited from record production in several key commodities as well as strong demand in China, cost cuts and its focus on high-margin growth projects. This was the seventh consecutive year of record profits.
This cohort, roughly defined as those born between 1985 and 2000, are perceived (by millennials themselves, at least) as facing a uniquely bleak financial future, blighted by high property prices and student debt, low wages and an ultra-competitive labour market.
Without a dramatic turnaround, TD-SCDMA looks doomed as a competitive technology for 3G handsets, although it may still be possible to build a market for data cards that connect laptops to the internet. “The emperor has no clothes – and not only that, he's not particularly good looking,” Mr Clark says. “It's becoming pretty obvious that TD isn't going to fly except perhaps as a niche service for data cards.”
Addressing Rex Tillerson on his inaugural visit to Moscow as us secretary of state, Russia’s foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, said: “It is very important for us to understand your position, the position of the US, the real intentions of your administration.”
The total number of immigrants to OECD countries was 5 per cent higher than in previous years, with family reunification accounting for 44 per cent of the moves, and work for 14 per cent.
Unfortunately for Hong Kong, May 14 was an utterly ordinary day. Tourists milling at one of the territory's most famous lookout points - the Victoria Peak viewing terrace near the terminus of the Peak Tram - gazed down on a city bathed in heavy smog.
But when Tomari’s No. 3 reactor shuts tonight, the whole of Japan will be watching. For weeks, it has been the only one of the nation’s 54 commercial reactors in operation.
Daimler and Renault are in the final stages of wide-ranging ­strategic partnership talks that would involve the German and French carmakers taking “symbolic” minority stakes in each other.
“It has gone through a couple of waves,” says Brian Jenkins, head of product management at SkyPilot, a builder of networks. “Back in 2004 some cities were getting started by buying the equipment and building networks themselves, trying to serve low-income users.”
Industries expected to be making cash calls include real estate, construction, utilities, and metals and mining.
The current reserve requirement ratios for large and small banks are set at 16 and 14 per cent respectively.
The goal is to become a “go-to” person, she says. And that means making a strong, lasting impression that marks you out from the rest. Actions are what count most. It is a case of “show, don't tell”, and “show” in an interesting way. “It's like what Simon Cowell says to the people he rejects on emiThe X Factor/em or American Idol, ‘You're just not memorable',” Ms Mowbray says.
The latter point is the most alarming. It raises the possibility that a foreign power, without knowledge of the electorate, influenced the policy of the party that ultimately won the presidency. During last year’s Republican convention in Cleveland, Mr Trump’s aides pushed to scrub the party platform of language supporting arming Ukraine against Russian-backed separatists. Whether or not this would have been sound policy, it would certainly have pleased former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich and his pro-Russian Party of Regions — Mr Manafort’s alleged clients.
Up till now, the west has employed sanctions and diplomacy in a bid to force mr putin to draw back. Sanctions have hurt the Kremlin and deepened Russia’s economic crisis. But nothing has yet deterred mr putin from probing both Kiev’s defences and the west’s resolve.
China has changed the world. It has been too slow to understand that it has also changed the world’s view of China. These are unsettling times for Beijing. Until now China’s rise has been on its own terms. There have been bumps and squalls and the occasional stand-off with Washington, but mostly the west has been distracted or amenable. chinese leaders have grown used to getting their own way. Now, China’s feet are being held to the fire.
The halcyon days of banks looking on the eurozone as a single current bloc are over  cross-border risk matters. To put it another way, while pundits engage in an abstract debate about a possible break-up, fracture has already arrived for many banks’ risk management departments, at least when it comes to ALM in their eurozone books.
&ldquo Nasdaq has done a lot in terms of educating companies in India but it has been very difficult for them to list companies on their US exchange and therefore it made no sense to keep an office open here,&rdquo  said one of India's most senior IT executives, who asked not to be named.
I think this is all very good business for the Americans, and no doubt a deliberate strategy to help prop up their slowing economy. The throng of journalists, lawyers and other interested parties that has descended on Houston and Chicago will have injected a good deal of money into the hospitality industry and also resulted in plenty of revenue for mobile phone companies. Houston in particular is on a roll - the latest news from there is that in another case, covering price-fixing, the US has in effect handed the Office of Fair Trading its first successful cartel prosecution on a plate, by getting the three British defendents to plead guilty before returning to the UK for sentencing.
As far as IT is concerned, I believe that the hype at the time was fully justified – just premature. The internet has revolutionised the media, retailing, banking and our lives in general. Modern telecommunications have had a dramatic impact on our mobility similar to the invention of the automobile or the train. The fact that IT has not had a bigger effect on productivity has probably more to do with the way we measure productivity than with IT itself.
However, the lowball price suggests the chances of take-up are slim. Alibaba is offering HK$6.50 a share, a 24 per cent discount to Friday’s close of HK$8.60 — a differential that sent Sun Art shares down as much as 13.6 per cent on Monday before they closed down 4.1 per cent at HK$8.25.
With the us senate yesterday set to vote on the Bush administration's historic deal to legalise nuclear trade with India, a key step in ending a 30-year-old technology denial regime, any Chinese help to Pakistan could play into the hands of non-proliferation hawks on Capitol Hill.
At least 10 people were killed, according to reports from the Reuters news agency citing security sources. Hamad Hassan, the health minister, told a local television station that there was “a very high number of injuries”.
In an interview with the Financial Times, Mr Oneda said the Japanese electronics group owed Y26bn ($219m) or about 40 per cent, of its net profits in the last quarter to the weaker-than-expected yen. But if the Japanese currency started moving in the other direction, it would cost the group Y6bn a year for each Y1 appreciation, he said. Sony has stuck to seemingly conservative assumptions of the yen at Y117 to the dollar.
The reaction of mr leung and his hong kong compatriots was one of disbelief. “What? How will you get 300,000 people to Shenzhen?” they asked, never dreaming that 25 years later it would be a city of 10m people.
The fact remains that recapitalising banks was the correct course of action all along. The US gets more bang for its buck by doing this, rather than simply trying to entice private capital into banks by supporting the valuations of bad securities.
Supporters say the rules' risk-based approach to capital requirements stopped many banks from suffering an even worse fate in the financial crisis. They argue that the alternative, US, norm of restricting the leverage &ndash  or relative indebtedness &ndash  of a bank's balance sheet proved useless because banks simply shifted risky investments off the balance sheet.
At the heart of the stand-off is a dispute over China’s plans for the future political system of Hong Kong, which was handed over by the British in 1997. In August, Beijing agreed to introduce universal suffrage, one person one vote, for the 2017 election of chief executive – the top political job in the territory. However, the plan includes restrictions that effectively bar critics of the Chinese regime from running.
The recalls by the world's largest toy company are adding to trade tensions between China and the US and hurting the reputation of a country that produces 80 per cent of the world's toys. But there are signs both government and industry are responding to the pressure.
To each their own corporeal obsessions: Michelle Obama’s admirably firm upper arms apparently helped spark a 4,000 per cent increase in elective arm surgery over the past 12 years, according to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. And although the plastic surgery history of Peng Liyuan, China’s first lady, is hardly a matter of public record, her plump ear lobes have been singled out for favourable comment in the blogosphere, since substantial lobes are apparently a guarantee of lifetime financial security. (Her nose and chin shape are, it seems, good for her husband’s career, her mouth and teeth indicate she’s no gossip, and her oval facial shape is also a good omen.)
One of the key economic tales told by the trump administration is that corporate tax cuts would spur huge investment and growth in the US economy, raising wages and ushering in a new era of bullishness. Not quite.
mr johnson told the Sunday Telegraph that the 1,200 page treaty “perhaps does not go as far as we would like” on financial services. But the prime minister added there were provisions for some parts of the services sector, including “access for solicitors, barristers” and a “good deal for digital”.
levels in nearly two years despite an effort by mario draghi to convince
The company’s heightened interest in retail banking services reflects expectations that competition for local bank customers, particularly in the areas of credit cards and home mortgages, will intensify in the years ahead.
“I am sure there are many fine financial architects capable of designing a channel to link the two financial systems,” he said. “Admittedly, there are many policy issues to deal with. But now is the time to do it.”
Companies spent $36bn on exploration in 2005. That meant that in 2005 the industry as a whole spent more money producing that extra 1 per cent of oil and gas than it spent exploring for the reserves that will feed the world’s economic growth in the years and decades to come.
BenQ Corp in Taipei said it had decided not to put any more money into the business because if it had it might have threatened its own survival.
Unfortunately, as Cubiks' Nick Parfitt notes, “nobody operates like this anymore.” Instead, along with the rest of us, new recruits to most office jobs are likely to view their e-mail in-box as the in-tray that matters.
Oil traders and western policy makers who monitor Iranian oil production estimate that Tehran pumped 3.2m barrels last month, the lowest since early 1992. That is below the depressed level of 1999, when members of the Opec oil cartel implemented draconian production cuts to shore up oil prices, which had fallen below $10.
Safi Shujaa, director of the Syrian Economic Centre, says that “Syria is going seriously to the east”, citing international political isolation from the west and economic advantages from the east as the main motivations for the shift.
Shares in Hanergy’s hong kong listed unit were suspended in May after a spectacular half-hour plunge. Although the company’s founder Li Hejun had pledged Hanergy shares as well as a hydropower dam and other assets in China as collateral for loans, no Chinese institution has yet publicly confirmed it has outstanding loans to Hanergy or Mr Li.
A more convincing explanation is buyer fatigue. chinese companies have raised $22bn in IPOs so far this year &ndash  more than four times the combined total for the whole of the US and Europe, according to Dealogic data. So far in September, first-day pops have averaged 42 per cent, just over one-third of July's 112 per cent. Openings of new A-share trading accounts by Chinese investors, meanwhile, have fallen for the past six weeks, and are now less than half of the peak volumes of late July. Foreigners have turned tail, too. China equity funds tracked by EPFR saw $477m redeemed last week as investors rotated Asian exposure to India and Korea.
The move highlights the surge in interest in trade-in services, spurred in part by the newly frugal mood of US consumers, with leading retailers including Walmart, Target and Costco starting partnerships last year with a variety of online services.
There is no question that US entrepreneurial spirit has set itself apart from both developing and developed countries over many decades. America is the home of silicon valley and the companies that lead the world of technological innovation — encapsulated in the highly valuable technology stocks of the Fangs: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google. The big consumer names of Coca-Cola, McDonald’s and Starbucks continue to dominate their markets globally, as do the automotive giants — Ford, General Motors and now Tesla — and industrial and aeronautical behemoths such as General Electric and Boeing.
Venture philanthropists counter that they never meddle in an organisation's mission, only in its management practices. Social Venture Partners' Shoemaker says he only helps non-profits with their accounting, legal tangles or with personnel problems.
Today, in San Antonio, I predict a riot. It won’t be young people
According to data from FT Confidential Research, a financial times research service, the popularity of JD.com has soared in recent months to a record high. Nearly 45 per cent of respondents in China Confidential’s first quarter 2015 survey of almost 2,000 online shoppers said they regularly shopped on JD.com. As recently as the first quarter of 2013, just 30 per cent of shoppers surveyed said they regularly shopped there.
China is Mercedes’ third-largest market after Germany and the US, but its biggest for the S-Class, the top-of-the-range flagship model. And more than half of the car’s Chinese customers ride behind a driver.
“We may miss out on some good quality clients but that helps avoid bigger industry-related risk,” the Construction Bank official said.
mr trump has urged his followers to protest the results of the us election on Tuesday and Wednesday as Congress prepares to certify the electoral college results, sparking fears of a repeat of the unrest seen on the city’s streets in November and December.
There is no question that Donald Trump's mastery of Twitter has taken presidential interactions into a new era of mass communication. But, on his way back from last month's G7 meeting in Sicily, the us president had a tweet aimed at a more limited audience: trade wonks.
Am I coming to the US to engage in prostitution? Do I belong to a clan or tribe? Do I have tuberculosis or infectious leprosy?
（http://www.bayercropscience.com.cn/）/b
That leaves Germany. Neither the Germans themselves nor anyone else seem very comfortable with this. Yet Berlin’s primacy is a reality that cannot be wished away. The challenge is to figure out how to make it beneficial for everyone.
mr trump announced the decision to the press who had gathered in Florida, saying that General McMaster is “a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience.”
The US has clearly benefited from the change in the WEF’s calculations. Last year, the report ranked the world’s largest economy sixth but the revised table puts it top.
The zeal for global hotel assets has been fuelled by a loosening in controls on outbound investment by China’s Ministry of Commerce. From October, deals above $100m no longer required its approval.
barack obama and european leaders yesterday launched talks on “the biggest bilateral trade deal in history” , an initiative that the us president has put at the heart of his second- term economic agenda.
US membership was unopposed after new zealand stepped aside to give it a clear run at one of three seats on the 47-member council reserved for western states in a vote at the UN General Assembly.
mr wang said on Monday the ministry was aware of Nasdaq's decision but brushed off any suggestion that the index providers’ moves might impact the ability of global investors to access these companies.
However, increased lending activity does not necessarily mean an immediate rebound in Chinese economic growth. Most of the companies surveyed said they were not taking on loans to invest in long-term, productive assets. Among respondents, 20 of the 36 surveyed said they were borrowing to meet day-to-day operational needs, a trend reflected in PBoC data which show that a growing proportion of monthly lending in China is short-term or bill financing.
Your colleagues have decided to take no risks in simply dressing like him. I can quite believe they look horrible – “business casual” is a hideous phrase for a hideous look. But I don't agree that they are sucking up. They are just belonging, which is what success in offices is all about.
Abdalla El Badri, Opec secretary-general, warned yesterday of volatile crude prices as the oil market adjusts to Europe’s ban on imports from Iran .
It is not just the strong rebound in the economy. China is becoming more influential and confident overseas, shaping events rather than reluctantly reacting. president hu jintao even stole the show this week at the united nations climate change summit with his pledge to restrain carbon emissions. Two years ago, environmental groups were terrified by China's galloping energy demand and addiction to coal: now they brandish it as an example for others.
It is using its established online technology to help high-school teachers interpret Shakespeare’s plays through a partnership with another local not-for-profit business: the Royal Shakespeare Company.
When Zhou Enlai, the former Chinese premier, was asked about the effect of the French revolution over 150 years after its conclusion, he replied: “It's too early to say.” While few investors in 2008 have investment horizons of that duration, vestiges of this type of long-term thinking are displayed by the capital markets phenomenon of the first decade of the 21st century, the sovereign wealth funds. western companies should embrace and reward the SWFs' interest.
China yesterday expressed concern at the decline in the dollar, joining a growing chorus of global policymakers alarmed by the weakness in the world's main reserve currency.
Cry wolf often enough and, as every preschooler learns, you will be ignored when the fanged canine actually turns up. The much-forecast break-up of the euro seems to be having much this effect on the currency markets.
The deal activity will force Canberra to make tough decisions that could unsettle relations with China, Australia's biggest bilateral trading partner. In response to the Rio/Chinalco deal that included a $7.2bn convertible bond that could see the chinese group lifts its Rio stake to 18 per cent, Canberra moved to amend its foreign takeover laws so that convertible debt would be counted as equity. Chinalco will therefore have to seek approval for the deal from Australia's foreign investment Review Board.
New data on fixed asset investment by the private sector should indicate if China’s entrepreneurs are reacting positively to these gestures of support from senior government leaders.
The latest evidence of a slowdown came in wobbly trade data yesterday. exports fell 3.1 per cent in June from a year earlier, the first decline in 17 months. Imports slipped 0.7 per cent from a year earlier and fell nearly 10 per cent from a month ago, well below expectations.
Since investor concern about the impact of the outbreak began to move financial markets four weeks ago, the dollar has climbed 1.65 per cent against a basket of other major currencies.
Many north korea experts suspected that the trump administration was too willing to believe that Pyongyang would give up its nuclear weapons easily, and they feared that mr trump would be too eager to cut a deal with Mr Kim.
The move coincided with pressure from the us government on the ailing Detroit carmaker to speed up its restructuring with the goal of emerging from Chapter 11 by the end of this month, when its bigger rival General Motors is set to file for bankruptcy protection.
As an emergency step, Mr Morrison has decided to halve his production of model aircraft, 95 per cent of which end up in the US on the shelves of collectors or industry buyers such as Boeing. That is bad news both for Mr Morrison's 60 Filipino employees and for Philippine exports.
But in recent years the severity of pollution has itself led to protests and in some cases violent crackdowns, putting the government in the difficult position of having to discern where the greatest threat to its legitimacy lies.
It’s not terribly fashionable to feel sympathy for deposed dictators but, you know, it can’t be easy for them. All of a sudden they are on their own, often having to leave at short notice with few choices for boltholes. I mean, Saudi Arabia’s great, I’m sure, but it’s not to everyone’s taste.
Earlier this year, a number of chinese companies that had gone public via “reverse mergers” were targeted by short sellers who believed that US auditors were not able properly to monitor these companies’ Chinese operations.
Walk through an apartment block in the US and chances are you will find a series of small yellowing notices stuck on the front door or dotted around the mail room – tell tale signs that UPS or Fedex delivery men have been and gone, having failed to deliver long-awaited packages.
Will large-scale demonstrations erupt again in hong kong against China’s authority?
Keepwell deeds are letters of support that offer foreign investors some level of assurance that parent companies in China will make good on us dollar bonds sold by offshore subsidiaries. They were introduced in 2012 as a way of making foreign investors more comfortable with China’s dollar bond market.
The latest world economic outlook offers an illuminating chapter on how globalisation has been helping to spread useful knowledge. This analysis sheds light on the contemporary landscape of innovation, on the current diffusion of knowledge, on what is happening to productivity, on the role of global value chains and on the impact of competition on creation and use of knowledge.
China is open to a trade dialogue with the US, said Chinese vice-president wang qishan on Tuesday, signalling Beijing’s readiness to engage with Washington amid an escalating trade war that has seen the two largest economies in the world impose tariffs on billions of dollars worth of bilateral trade.
HNA will raise north of $6bn if it succeeds in liquidating its entire stake in the hotel operator, which owns the Waldorf Astoria, Conrad and Doubletree brands.
Asia's collecting dragon has woken up and is breathing fire. Last autumn's season of hong kong auctions held by Christie's and Sotheby's grossed an astonishing HK$ 2.7bn ($348m) and saw records tumble for Chinese paintings, bronzes and other works of art. Bonhams, too, is now in on the act, having established its first hong kong office in January in anticipation of its inaugural sales that will take place there in late May, coinciding with the giant Asia International Arts and Antiques Fair.The highest price for Chinese porcelain stands at £15.6m, paid at Christie's in 2005 for a Guan jar, while Sotheby's established a record in the Chinese works of art category last year with the sale of a gilt bronze figure of the Buddha Shakyamuni for about £8m. Within days of opening its hong kong office, Bonhams had consigned a £50,000 canvas by contemporary painter Zeng Hao, a pair of jade Qianlong imperial spinach vases valued at up to £90,000 and a Yuan dynasty blue and white jar that is set to fetch £1m. Not bad for a newcomer.
But what commercial enterprise would undertake the risks at such a low cost of capital? Carbon taxes may help to favour nuclear and other non-polluting power sources, by forcing up the price of electricity, but even so, the private sector will not dilute its discount rate (roughly its required rate of return) by the ethics of global warming.
The man who invented Pac-Man, the most successful arcade game in history and among the most widely-recognised digital icons on the planet, stares again at the number, before mentally converting it into yen. It still seems wrong, he says. “Are there too many zeroes?”
Look around at what is happening in eastern and central Europe — at Russian revanchism and resurgent nationalism in Hungary, Poland and elsewhere — and you see history returning with a vengeance. With it comes an old question. Is it to be a European Germany or a German Europe?
No wonder central banks are starting to hurl everything they have at the problem, such as Australia's one percentage point interest rate cut on Tuesday. The trouble is that this cash hoarding is a symptom, rather than a cause of the crisis, which has more to do with solvency. In such an environment, rate cuts are an example of pushing on the proverbial string.
In the early part of the 20th century, industrial design meant making a new world of machines beautiful for humans, with finned automobiles and appliances that exuded warmth and familiarity. In our digital age, Apple has pioneered an emphasis on design that has brought the term outside of physical products and into the way a brand approaches its overall vision.
Mr McCreevy is to make clear that nothing short of oversight will do. “I am now convinced that limited but mandatory, well-targeted and robust internal governance reforms are going to be imperative to complement stronger external oversight of rating agencies,” he will say. “I have concluded that a regulatory solution at European level is now necessary to deal with some of the core issues.”
Mr Immelt plays down the story – a rare case of a chief executive passing up the chance to illustrate his innate leadership skills – but he seems to have brought some of that basketball psychology to the current job.
A few miles outside the town of Makindu on the Nairobi-Mombasa road sits a heavily guarded compound. Only the sign outside, in red Chinese lettering, indicates that this is the project site for “section 9” of a new $4bn Chinese-built railway that will run 300 miles between the Kenyan capital and the indian ocean port.
Welcome to the latest subtle twist in the fabric of modern American families – or at least some of the more wealthy and anxious ones. Back in the postwar years, when today’s babyboomer generation was born, charity groups and hospitals ran formal classes to teach parenting skills for new mothers. But nobody would have thought of teaching grandparents what to do: it was assumed that they knew the ropes since they’d had kids themselves. In any case, stay-at-home-mothers were the norm in the 1950s and, insofar as anyone was teaching anybody else about babies, it was the grandmother – not the mother – who was presumed to have the upper hand.
The empty Watergate Hotel, part of the Washington complex that symbolised President Richard Nixon's downfall and established a catch-phrase for every political scandal since, will today be auctioned to the highest bidder.
The riot began after police ruled that a teenage girl had committed suicide, contradicting claims by her parents and relatives that three young men raped and murdered the girl.
Beijing has stepped up support measures in recent weeks, such as encouraging local governments to use  special bonds for major projects in a bid to support economic growth.
Mr Milner, who runs Digital Sky Technologies, the investment fund of Mail.ru, came up with a solution to the initial public offering drought that has afflicted venture capital funds and technology companies. He offers them a simple way to raise fresh money, and for their employees to sell shares, without going public.
Other estimates presented yesterday suggested the glaciers could disappear at an even faster rate.
A survey of the medical records of about 300,000 of China’s 10m civil servants found 57 per cent had excessive levels of blood lipids such as cholesterol and more than half were overweight or obese. The comparative figures for the general population were 41 per cent and 25 per cent.
But the global publishing phenomenon will also be closely watched as a test of how western media groups fare against rampant copyright violation in Asia's two fastest-growing economies.
Using a complex mix of data on income tax, national accounts and household surveys, Messrs Piketty and Chancel conclude that the top 1 per cent of earners in 2014 earned 22 per cent of Indian national income, the highest share since 1922, when income tax was introduced. The share of the top 1 per cent fell sharply between 1951 and 1980, and then rose again in the period 1980-2014, particularly after the beginning of economic liberalisation in 1991.
So much for the promised land. China was supposed to provide a lucrative outlet for global private equity firms trying to wring returns from portfolio companies back home. But in reality, it is proving a lot harder to crack.
HSBC ignored internal warnings about large transfers of cash out of south africa by the powerful Gupta business family, a British peer has alleged, demanding regulators investigate the bank for “possible criminal complicity” in money laundering.
Each year there is talk about whether or not these gatherings of China’s National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Congress remain just a political pageant, or if the party is allowing more debate to creep in. The main topics at this week’s event are likely to include:
Sir, Realpolitik is a German word, and the british government should take a leaf out of Angela Merkel’s book when it considers how to pursue its important relationship with the emerging Chinese superpower. The Germans have developed a durable, trusting relationship with China by respecting, even rejoicing in, the fundamental differences between the Chinese tradition and their own. By contrast, Britain’s relationship with China has often been set back by the shared background of Hong Kong.
But while the number two IMF official welcomed the orderly decline in the dollar to date, and said it would make a positive contribution to moderating global economic imbalances, he warned that on its own, it would not be enough to bring the world economy into better balance.
India's Bollywood film business is facing its own version of a horror movie as it reels from a crash in the price of film rights, competition from cricket broadcasts and a dispute with multiplex operators.
Among a series of political criticisms drawn by the company in recent months, Nike was singled out by Mike Pence, the US vice-president, over its approach to doing business in China.
In a video posted to Twitter on Thursday evening, mr trump conceded that Congress had certified the election results and that a new administration would be sworn in on January 20.
donald trump warned that “bad things would happen” at the Republican convention in July if the GOP establishment tried to deny him the presidential nomination despite his resounding victories in the second Super Tuesday contests.
Mr Yam, who ran Hong Kong’s de facto central bank for 16 years until 2009, is the most influential person to suggest such a move.
But bubbles in property &ndash  financed by banks, on non-productive assets &ndash  are doubly destructive. Zhang Xin, chief executive of Soho China, one of the country's most successful privately owned developers, believes that rampant wasteful investment in commercial property has already undermined China's long-term prospects. As for housing, which China began privatising just 11 years ago, prices rose at an annualised rate of 9 per cent between September and October &ndash  significantly higher than the ongoing 2.25 per cent one-year deposit rate and the 5.31 per cent one-year lending rate. What's more, this was the eighth successive month of above-trend growth in the national house price index. So far, attempts to arrest price rises have been minor &ndash  restrictions on second home mortgages here, loan discounts in exchange for bigger down payments there. Two years ago another eight-month hot streak was enough for authorities to start cooling in earnest. They should start again now.
Second Life is at a similar stage of development. Its graphics can be wooden and cartoonish compared with the latest games, the service can be slow, difficult to navigate and often crashes and its users are technology's highly literate early adopters.
SoftBank has achieved its goal of becoming an investment pioneer, just not in the way that its founder, Masayoshi Son, intended.
The dow jones industrial average has set a new all-time high, as has the UK’s mid-cap index. Fiscal cliffs, sequesters and ambiguous election results have not succeeded in delaying the upward march of share prices.
The possibility of tie-ups between such agencies was mooted yesterday by an official of a Dubai state holding company, who said the two countries were discussing mutual investments, such as asset swaps.
Beijing has shied away from making large tax cuts to stimulate purchases, but the range of smaller initiatives, such as the introduction of subsidies for rural residents to trade in their old vehicles, are likely to help revenues.
A tearful mr putin wasted no time in declaring victory, addressing thousands of Russian flag-waving supporters at a victory rally outside the Kremlin. “I promised we would win. And we did win!” he said, to cheers from his supporters last night. “We won an open and honest battle.
As we mark the fifth anniversary of Lehman Brothers’ demise and the onset of the global financial crisis, we must ask: what have we learnt? How well have we done? To what extent are the persistent weaknesses in the US and Europe a result of the misdeeds of the financial sector before the crisis, the crisis itself, and the way in which the crisis was managed?
This riverboat trip is anecdotal evidence of the growing appetite in China and other big developing countries for covered bonds, the highly rated, long maturity, asset-backed securities, of which CFF is one of Europe's leading issuers.
The spike in tea prices from tighter enforcement of environmental regulations has been mirrored by other commodities, including cement, fertiliser and steel. prices surged this year as the ruling communist party toughened punishments for officials who fail to meet ecological targets.
But the run up in energy prices is really starting to bite, one reason why consumer confidence has started to slide. Oil's move above $90 a barrel is akin to a tax hike on the US economy, which imports 10m barrels of crude daily. Traditional rules of thumb would suggest that, if current levels are maintained, energy prices alone will drain as much as 1.5 percentage points from consumer spending. petrol prices at $3 a gallon is more than 80 cents higher than a year ago. This is equivalent to a $100bn tax hit. Heating oil futures just hit a record $2.62 a gallon – up more than 60 per cent since the start of the year. The Department of Energy is estimating the average home heating bill will increase by 22 per cent this winter to $1,785 from $1,466 last year.
But, if some commentators are to be believed, we have not seen anything yet.
Bill Ackman, the activist investor, has taken a 9.6 per cent share in Target, the US discount retailer, and says he will push for changes at a company whose shares have risen more than 45 per cent so far this year.
Real estate, marketing, investment banking and consultancy are all big contenders, with approximately 20 per cent of the class of 2006 opting for real estate, while marketing and investment banking secured about 19 per cent respectively. Consultancy drew 16 per cent of the class. Industry finance, general management and strategic planning are also represented.
Vanguard's joint venture in China with ant group has acquired 200,000 clients in the first 100 days since the launch of an investment advisory partnership by the world’s second-largest asset manager and the technology affiliate of the ecommerce group Alibaba.
“We think Vlerick suits our purpose best,” says Prof Lin.
A series of logistics industry professionals and consultants have told the financial times that the relaxation of customs procedures that has taken place in southern china and around Shanghai has encouraged foreign companies to outsource more of the sorting work to “bonded logistics parks”. Companies have far more leeway to hold goods for long periods in such warehouse developments, which are fenced and guarded by customs officials, than under normal Chinese customs rules.
chief executive Guillaume Faury told Airbus employees in a letter that the company is rapidly “bleeding cash”, which threatens the manufacturer’s existence.
Plea bargaining – in which accuser and accused strike a deal – is not an aspect of legal process with which anyone should feel comfortable. The defendant benefits from a lighter sentence than might, or might not, have been imposed. The prosecutor does not have to rely on the costly and uncertain outcome of a trial, and gains evidence that can be used to convict others. As a result, justice is neither done nor seen to be done.
But when historians come to write about the financial collapse, will the records be there to tell its story?
Students of authoritarian politics could be forgiven for being confused. As the US midterm elections approach — and a possible Republican defeat looms — Mr Trump’s invective has leaned towards the fascist end of the spectrum. Depicting opponents as enemies of the people is a core trait. At one rally alone, mr trump called Democrats “evil”, “the party of crime” that wants to “destroy our country”, and “turn it into Venezuela”. Liberals are “very very bad people”, he said. The crowds chanted “lock her up” at the mention of both Dianne Feinstein, the 85-year-old Democratic senator, and Hillary Clinton.
Brazil’s economy is more resilient than other big countries and its economic development model “more consistent” too, he says.
oil prices sank to their lowest point in nearly four years on Thursday, as traders feared that slowing economies around the world could struggle to soak up steadily growing supplies.
According to an academic study to be released today, hundreds of equity analysts asked executives for favours ranging from meetings with their banks' clients to advice on personal matters.
Li Shufu, chairman of both Geely and Volvo Cars, has spent more than a decade assembling a portfolio of brands outside China to complement his domestic car manufacturing business. They include Britain’s Lotus and black taxi maker LEVC as well as Malaysia’s Proton. Geely called off talks to invest in luxury carmaker Aston Martin only weeks ago.
The competition authorities in Brussels have been looking closely at a number of european banks to assess whether the extensive government support they received at the height of the financial crisis has given them an unfair advantage.
Moon Chung-in, an adviser to the south korean president, told fox news on Sunday that he believed mr kim was “alive and well”, despite reports suggesting that he was seriously ill. The south korean presidential office declined to comment on Mr Moon’s remarks.
False news travels far faster and ext­ends further than truth on social media, researchers have found, in the largest scientific study so far of the way stories spread online.
Announcing on national television yesterday that he had decided to resign “in the interest of Pakistan”, Mr Musharraf said that, if he had decided to stay on, a political struggle could have dragged in the military.
It has become conventional wisdom among many prominent economists, bankers, and politicians that the chinese currency is on a path that will inevitably make it a global reserve currency to rival the US dollar.
Investment reviews should be narrowly tailored and focused on national security, not on broader economic factors which should be left to the market. This process should provide predictability by ensuring that reviews will be conducted within a definite, short time frame. Confidentiality must be ensured. Countries should avoid automatic screening of all proposed foreign investments in a particular sector, or should screen only in those sectors that are vital for national security.
David Spegel, global head of emerging markets strategy at ING, said: “Many corporates and banks in the emerging markets are highly levered without cash to fall back on. These will struggle should they need to raise money in the markets.
China's Beijing automotive industry Holding Co has plugged a funding gap that threatened to scupper General Motors' sale of Saab with a &euro 275m ($400m) investment and an agreement to expand the Swedish brand in China.
Shandong Ruyi, a textile group based in Jining, about 200km south of Zouping county, amassed a vast portfolio of overseas fashion brands in the past five years, including 248-year-old Savile Row tailor Gieves & Hawkes. In the process it inflated its debt to five times its core earnings as of 2018, prompting investor concerns over its future stability.
Airbus is set to launch an overhaul of its popular A330 aircraft at the Farnborough International Airshow as the plane maker seeks to overturn Boeing’s dominant position in the lucrative long-range passenger jet market.
Amblin was established at the end of last year with investments from Anil Ambani’s Reliance Group and Entertainment One, distributor of the British animation series Peppa Pig.
The chinese premier took a studiously neutral view on future purchases of us treasury bills this year. Some economists say China's financing of US deficits may fail to match last year's levels, just as Washington's requirements balloon as a result of successive bail-outs of financial institutions and a near-$1,000bn fiscal stimulus package.
Global miners BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Vale of Brazil will demand further price increases for steelmaking commodities iron ore and coking coal, as strong chinese demand and supply disruptions keep the market tight.
In early January, one of the early investors in Pinduoduo, a young Shanghai-based ecommerce company, received a phone call from an executive at SoftBank. The powerful Japanese group, with about $270bn in its various pockets, wanted to invest in the start-up.
Many companies in the mainland have tried to get into this business. So far none have succeeded. Largan, of course, wants to keep it that way. It has factories in China, but key parts of Largan’s valuable, confidential manufacturing processes take place in Taiwan.
“Then there’s often a period of management change and new people come on and they’re hungry. You really can’t change much of that.” Structural changes have compounded NBC’s cyclical challenges, however. In the early 1990s, the growth of cable was a big factor, Mr Wright recalls. Now, the internet is diverting audiences.
mr putin came to power on the strength of a promise: that it was possible to rule like Joseph Stalin but live like Roman Abramovich. The arrangement suited almost everyone. mr putin and his KGB cronies were able to rebuild a softer version of the authoritarianism they had yearned for since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
That was in line with last month’s manufacturing PMIs, which showed an uptick in sector activity, and despite exports having fallen 7.3 per cent during the same period.
The government has halted approvals for new corn-based ethanol plants and is developing alternative biofuels using non-food crops
Part of the answer must be greater individual responsibility. This will mean rethinking the way Asians interact with pensions and empowering people to make better decisions about their own financial wellbeing.
These side payments are not unusual. When a group of nations needs the co-operation of another nation in some area of international relations, and that nation does not gain through the proposed agreement, then some kind of payment or exemption is typically arranged. With its explosive emissions growth, China is by far the world's biggest problem for climate change. Like it or not, the only way for other nations to ensure Chinese co-operation is through a special inducement, such as cash or extra emissions rights.
“Thermodynamic driving forces make the structures more uniform and of higher density that you can obtain with traditional materials,” said Paul Nealey, of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
chinese authorities struggled to contain the tainted milk powder crisis at the weekend as a child in hong kong fell ill – the first case outside the chinese mainland to be identified.
But those hoping SWFs will provide an ever-increasing source of cash to help support Western assets should note that such funds' growth is set to slow. This is because cooling global growth points to smaller imbalances of the kind noted above, greater domestic spending and less foreign investment by SWF countries. Indeed, only $60bn of CIC's $200bn can be invested abroad, for example.
For Microsoft, which faces encroachment from Google's advertising-supported internet applications, that threat means juggling two very different approaches. "The real opportunity is to be nimble enough to use a core code base in a variety of delivery mechanisms and support different business models when that's what the market merits," says Jeff Raikes, head of Microsoft's business division. One technical platform can, in other words, be employed to serve different sets of users, some of whom will pay while others will instead see advertisements.
Soldiers are also using short-range missiles and dynamite to blast apart boulders blocking the first channel, to speed up the flow of water. The Tangjiashan lake rose nearly a metre in the 24 hours to yesterday morning, with the water level now two metres above the first drain.
mr medvedev came to power in 2008, following his mentor, Vladimir Putin, who became prime minister after hitting the constitutional limit of two successive presidential terms. In recent weeks mr medvedev has begun laying markers for a re-election campaign, upsetting assumptions that he might clear the path for mr putin to return as president in 2012.
Trouble is, it is almost impossible to measure an output gap with any accuracy. How on earth do you measure an economy's emipotential/i/em? In a 1999 paper, Athanasios Orphanides and Simon Van Norden cite three big problems. First, the construction of output data is continually being updated &ndash  real time apples end up being compared with future pears. Second, economic models often revise historical estimates of potential output with the benefit of hindsight. Third, countries undergo structural changes, making comparisons between actual and potential estimates of output inaccurate.
However, with government spending growing, inventories falling and exports expected to stabilise after falling a record 26 per cent between January and March, many analysts believe that the worst is over and the economy could already have returned to growth in the current quarter.
Alibaba is “95 per cent certain” to choose new york over hong kong for its initial public offering, expected to be one of the largest in history, according to people close to the process.
However, the counterparty problem poses a real risk that the cogs of the system could start to seize up again in the coming days. Over in Japan – to name just one small example – the repo market has been drained of liquidity because the failure of the Japanese branch of Lehman's has caused numerous yen repo contracts to fail.
In just over three years Putzmeister’s world, fashioned around the unforgiving business of concrete, came crashing down around it.
crude oil prices could surge to $200 a barrel in the next two years, according to the Goldman Sachs' analyst who three years ago correctly predicted a price “super-spike” above $100 a barrel.
Unfortunately for investors, the stocks in that index are largely forbidden fruit for non-Chinese. Access to the A-shares on the shanghai stock exchange is strictly controlled, and foreigners must obtain a quota from the government if they want to buy them. B-shares are open to foreigners, but have a dubious reputation and are being merged into the A-share category.
“When we bought Thomson we knew its American business was going through a lot of troubles, but the european business was doing great,” strongbMr Li/strong said, admitting that he had underestimated the challenges involved in rescuing Thomson’s business.
Although China has committed itself to improving its energy efficiency and has backed the UN-brokered Kyoto treaty, from whose provisions it is exempted, government officials routinely argue that primary responsibility for reducing carbon emissions lies with developed nations.
Christine Loh, head of Civic Exchange, a hong kong think-tank, calls it the “Scrooge budget”. The government’s habit of racking up annual surpluses means it has accrued fiscal reserves of HK$592bn, equivalent to 23 months’ expenditure or 34 per cent of gross domestic product. Why, asks Ms Loh, is it so allergic to increasing recurring expenditure? Could it not spend even a fraction of the money on cleaning up the city’s pollution by introducing greener buses, or improving the wholly inadequate care provided to elderly and disabled people?
When accounting gets interesting, it is generally bad news. The latest example: the biggest China-based, US-registered auditors may be temporarily barred by the Securities and exchange commission for refusal to hand over audit papers held in China. This could hit Chinese companies’ valuations, if they are forced to list elsewhere, and investors could lose a lot of data.
The takeover of Kbro, which is subject to regulatory approval, will create Taiwan's largest provider of phone, web and TV &ldquo convergence&rdquo  services.
One of the biggest challenges in achieving that is faculty: "There is a limited number of global faculty members in the world," he says in a strong European accent. "But now I can pay like any US school."
A few weeks ago I was visiting an office in central New York, when I asked to use the “rest room” (aka toilet).
In what condition does the coalition government leave the UK economy? Needless to say, its members are fighting the general election on the proposition that they have done a fine job of rescuing the crisis-hit economy they inherited. It seems, at the moment, that this argument is not playing that well in the polls. Does it deserve to? Here is a scorecard.
The financial times Non-Public 150, based on research by McKinsey, the consultancy, is an attempt to answer that question. As the first comprehensive catalogue of the world's largest unlisted companies, it provides a rare, and revealing, glimpse behind the veil of private and state ownership.
Luo Zhuping, China Eastern board secretary, said grounding aircraft was a way of reducing losses from flights that did not have sufficient demand. “When we see that ticket bookings are not good, we cancel the flights,” he said, adding that this year China Eastern had been doing so at an unprecedented rate.
The World Bank has cut its forecast for growth in China’s economy this year to 7.7 per cent, a sharp downgrade from the prediction of 8.2 per cent growth it made in May.
“Barbie is popular everywhere but when you go to Shanghai, mothers there are so passionate about her.” – That’s what Richard Dickson, Barbie’s general manager said ahead of opening a 6-floor flagship store in downtown Shanghai.
In contrast to governments in the UK, new zealand and Canada, Canberra did not extend its Covid-19 wage subsidy scheme to foreign students — a decision that has caused a crisis for some of the 500,000 student visa holders who contribute A$9bn ($6.7bn) a year in fees to Australian universities.
Strong end-of-year trading and a lower tax charge led Pearson to predict full-year earnings at the top end of the range of expectations yesterday, but shares in the publisher fell as investors took profits after last week's gains.
Under the new line-up, Doug Braunstein, the head of investment banking for the Americas, will become chief financial officer, replacing Michael Cavanagh, who will lead JPMorgan's treasury and securities services business.
The company, which has about $55bn under management, has hired a team from Countrywide Financial to run the bank, and is awaiting regulatory approval. Apollo plans to get round ownership restrictions which can force a private equity group to be considered a bank holding company by asking its investors to put money alongside it in the new bank, to be called Ares. The bank will have a separate board and operate independently of Apollo. However, it is not currently clear how ambitious Apollo's plans for the bank will prove, people familiar with the matter say.
Although relatively small as an investor, Ethos has already drawn blood.
They have been attracted by Mr Montgomery’s promises of revenue growth through new products and margin improvement. Although Mecom has dabbled inb /bUK-based investments, it has decided to focus on continental European newspapers, where assets are cheaper and the revenue base is more stable because there is less reliance on advertising.
olds ranked 25th among 30 industrialised nations on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's international mathematics exam and 24th in science, the time has come to put aside ideology in favour of the next generation's ability to compete globally.
A host of factors underlines China's short-term confidence. Profit and loan growth remain high, ensuring that investment, which accounts for nearly half of Chinese growth, will stay strong. Exporters also remain super-competitive, despite cost increases and a 10 per cent currency appreciation since 2005 against the US dollar.
The expansion comes as coastal areas around China pay fishermen to scrap small near-sea boats after fish stocks plummeted. China’s agricultural ministry in 2016 conceded that there were practically “no fish” left in the east china Sea.
Earlier this week, Asia Netcom announced plans for the construction of its first trans-Pacific cable, which will more than double existing capacity between Asia and North America. The company raised more than $650m in private equity financing for the project, which will be only the fourth trans-Pacific cable system, compared with 14 across the Atlantic.
Washington is expected to scrutinise on national security grounds yesterday's joint acquisition of 3Com, the US networking group, by Huawei Technologies, a chinese telecoms equipment maker, and Bain Capital, the us private equity firm.
The UK has suffered almost 60,000 more deaths than usual since the coronavirus pandemic struck the country in mid-March, according to official figures released on Tuesday.
Yesterday marked the third anniversary of the us stock market’s low following the Lehman bankruptcy. That was an epic buying opportunity, with the S&P 500 almost exactly doubling in those three years, in dollar terms. We are also only a week on from the fifth anniversary of the start of the credit crisis, when tumbling subprime credit in the US sparked a sharp rise in volatility.
Mainland China’s CSI 300 index of Shanghai- and Shenzhen-listed stocks were up 1.2 per cent after the latest Caixin/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers’ index showed that factory output remained firmly in expansionary territory last month, even if growth slowed slightly compared to November.
The most important change by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, a statistical agency of the Department of Commerce, to be announced on Wednesday, will be to start counting spending on research, development and copyrights as investment, and reflect pension deficits for the first time. Combined, they are expected to add 3 per cent to gross domestic product.
When mark zuckerberg and his buddies first posted their ‘Facemash’ social media programme on Harvard University’s computer system almost nine years ago, they could never have imagined the extent of its future success.
Anwar’s political promise can divide even his admirers. Some are convinced he is what he at first appears to be: a liberal reformer  a talented technocrat who steered his nation through the worst of the 1997 asian financial crisis  a genuine intellectual, who has spent time at Oxford, Georgetown and Johns Hopkins universities  and perhaps even a man capable of bringing the spirit of the Arab Spring to one of Asia’s largest majority Muslim nations.
Taiwanese businessmen are among the largest foreign direct investors in China, pouring a total $150bn in direct investments into the mainland, according to government estimates.
WannaCry, shows “compelling evidence” of a link to North Korean hacking group Lazarus, according to a new report by Symantec.
The capital venture project will be led by the Yindao Fund, which will have an Rmb2bn to invest in innovative start-ups and technology companies.
Centrino balanced power-saving against performance and led to the development of an architecture based on “parallelism” – two or more cores, or individual processing units, working together on the same chip. More tasks could be carried out at lower clock speeds and temperatures.
I fully expect the 2012 Olympics to be a triumph, and we will relish all 16 days of them, but then at that price we ought to. Beijing 2008 will probably be a triumph too. But that's China, not Britain, and there the cruelty and injustice involved go way beyond a few blighted lives and businesses.
Earlier, stocks and credit markets rallied sharply as investors were buoyed by better-than-expected results from Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs and anticipated a big Fed rate cut.
The main consequence of the new regime would mean a sharp reduction in the level of debt, or leverage, Goldman and Morgan Stanley carry on their balance sheet.
So here is my assertion: “Sixty per cent of business people never say ‘reach out'.” One small problem: this is a lie.
european central bank action to calm tensions in eurozone bond markets must remain firmly controlled, otherwise the euro’s monetary guardian risks “losing everything we have”, one of its most ­senior policymakers has warned.
Before taking up the post this summer he had spent 21 years teaching business at Columbia’s Ivy League campus on Manhattan’s Upper West Side.
For the wider economy and the market, this is a big deal. The growing dominance of passive funds has only exacerbated this trend  the money flowing into these stocks has forced passives to follow suit as their weighting in the index has increased. Apple, whose market cap of $1.3tn exceeds the total value of stocks on many exchanges, accounted for almost one-tenth of the 29 per cent rise of the S&P 500 last year, according to Bespoke. This level of dominance should give investors pause for thought.
Designs have moved on too, refreshing a market that risked being perceived as offering only the big black statement pens of the more dominant brands. Omas, for instance, has created pens enamelled with early Japanese manga artwork. Caran D'Ache has teamed up with architect Mario Botta to design a minimalist Bauhaus-inspired pen crowned with a real peacock feather. It also has models made from woven steel. Faber-Castell has designs with pear or coconut wood barrels, with a laser-finished black crocodile texture, or made from fossilised mammoth ivory. Pelikan has created a multicoloured model while Montblanc has one made from granite. The result is that the fountain pen has found a new role – not only as statement but also as style accessory.
I've just started to give my daughters pocket money, and it's fascinating to see how they deal with it - not the income, that is, but the physical cash itself. The younger Miss Harford hasn't figured out that by tradition, the five-sided coins are worth half as much as the stubby fat ones. (The swaps that her clued-up older sister proposes have to be monitored with some care.) She has also failed to gain any visceral appreciation of the fact that these metal discs can be used to obtain sweets and toys, useful things. She is fascinated by the coins as objects in their own right.
This is the second onshore US deal in four months for the state-owned chinese company whose $18.5bn bid for Unocal in 2005 was thwarted by a serious political backlash in the US.
The bill, which Mr Orban’s Fidesz-led government has said is necessary to stem the spread of coronavirus (Hungary currently has almost 450 cases), also criminalises obstruction of official efforts to combat the pandemic. Under its provisions, intentionally spreading false information about the virus will be punishable by a prison sentence of up to five years.
emerging markets such as China pose a growing risk to advanced economies with events in developing economies increasingly responsible for price movements in financial markets in richer countries, the international monetary fund has warned.
In a regulatory filing issued yesterday, Blackstone said that it would increase the size of the IPO from the planned $4bn to up to $7.8bn by selling a stake of about 10 per cent to the public and a further 9.9 per cent to China's soon-to-be-formed foreign exchange agency.
OPM disclosed the first breach, which exposed personal identification information for at least 4m people, about two weeks ago. A larger breach, only discovered through a probe of the first hack, compromised background investigation data for federal employees and contractors who need security clearances.
In fact there’s a fashion week going on somewhere in the world almost every week of the year. Sometimes more than one. Istanbul fashion week, for example, ends on Saturday. Lakmé fashion week in India runs from March 22 to 26. And Moscow’s starts on March 29. Indeed, I’ve often thought John Cheever’s short story “The Swimmer” would work equally well in fashion: instead of crossing suburbia by stroking your way from one pool to another, you could spend a year crossing the globe from one fashion week to the other.
Rio Tinto is exploring ways to alter its $19.5bn fundraising move with Chinalco to ensure that the deal's basic structure wins approval from regulators and shareholders when they review it in June.
Singapore’s prime minister said he would not take legal action over claims by his siblings that he had abused his power in a dispute over their father’s legacy, in a departure for a governing elite that has routinely used the threat of libel action to stifle free speech.
Some foreign investors, including large hedge funds, warn that they may reduce their investments in Japan or even withdraw altogether from the country if the changes are approved.
fund manager Anthony Bolton describes the two years he has so far spent in hong kong as “the most interesting chapter” in his career. There’s only really been one downside – the underperformance of the china fund that he came out of retirement to run.
For instance, the government may ask the buyers of computers to pay a £50 computer purchase tax  or they may ask the sellers of computers to pay a £50 computer sales tax. It does not take much economics to show that it makes no difference to the taxman who writes the cheque: the after-tax price that buyers and sellers pay will be the same either way.
Shortly after 9.30am Bernard Cazeneuve said elite police forces were engaged in Dammartin-en-Goêle, a town 5 km northeast of Charles de Gaulle airport.
In the overall market, which includes commercial vehicles, sales fell 12.4 per cent year on year in the first six months of 2019, the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers said on Wednesday. “Sales in the first half have missed our expectations and we estimate negative growth for the entire year,” it added.
Edzard Lübben, vice-president for high-speed rail of the transport arm of Germany's Siemens, nevertheless insisted he was “very comfortable” with China's system of requiring foreign suppliers to transfer technology to Chinese partners.
With a combined capacity of 96m cubic metres – about 30m of which have been filled – the two facilities managed by Swire Sita at North East New Territories and West New Territories are among the world's largest landfills.
Others are unconvinced. “This decoupling theory is starting to be very severely tested,” says Tobias Levkovich, an analyst at Citigroup. “This makes it hard to hide out, because some sectors [such as energy and materials] which can perform well in a downturn may not do so if commodity prices fall on the back of lower global demand. It is very uncomfortable.”
The third largest announced deal in history, it caps a frenzied year of mergers and acquisitions and brings the total value of global deals unveiled since the start of 2015 to more than $4.2tn. This surpasses the previous record set in 2007 on the eve of the financial crisis, according to Thomson Reuters.
Pablo Picasso once remarked: “One starts to get young at the age of 60.” Something rather like that seems to be happening to India right now, at least on the economic front. There is much more sign of life there today than could be seen when political independence came to the ancient land in 1947, when its strait-laced economy moved at a slow and imperturbable pace – the famous 3 per cent rate of growth. The feebleness of the economic pace was in sharp contrast with the speed of political change in the new republic: India became overnight the first poor country in the world to be a full-scale democracy.
The dollar’s exchange rate will be a key factor in the pace of global economic recovery while domestic currencies will have a smaller impact as the world struggles to bounce back from the pandemic, according to a study by the IMF.
Under the plan, mortgage servicers would agree to the five-year rate freeze voluntarily. The plan would apply to subprime adjustable mortgage loans taken out between January 2005 and July 2007, with rates to rise between January of 2008 and July of 2010.
Government 10-year bond returns are expected to be extremely low or negative over the next one to three years. Long-term yields are now abnormally low relative to policy rates. Over the forecast horizon, these “term premia” are predicted to normalise, taking long-term bond yields higher.
All these things are becoming possible as image recognition technology and augmented reality come together with portable devices such as smartphones and tablet computers. These developments could not only change the way we interact with the internet, enabling us to use real-life objects and places, rather than typing in text, to find information. They could also change the way business interacts with consumers.
With net foreign direct investment still flooding into the country at a rate of $5bn a month, the balance between the trade surplus and reserves growth suggests that capital has begun to flow out of China.
“In Europe, I expect to see a double-digit growth in sales for the next decade or so,” says Mr Mogi. Sales are also brisk in Russia, which is enjoying a bsushi boom/b with around 200-300 restaurants having sprouted up in Moscow in recent years.
There is one sure way to persuade Iran to press on with its programme to build the bomb. That’s for Israel to go ahead and bomb Iran.
Prof Roubini is even fonder of lists than I am. Here are his 12 – yes, 12 – steps to financial disaster.
He said the european commission would pay much more attention to issues of public procurement, competition, and environmental standards in assessing aspirant member states’ readiness to join the bloc.
rates, setting the stage for a nail-biting decision at the November meeting of
Amid tough market conditions for consultancies, Mr Barton will be under pressure to make sure McKinsey continues to justify its reputation and fee structure.
The deal, signed yesterday in new york by Bill Conway, Carlyle co-founder, and Cai Limin, Shandong vice-governor, will make the region a priority for the US buy-out firm's activity in China, while it will also help Shandong companies expand overseas.
South Africans need calm heads to examine what caused the slaughter of 44 workers and police officers at the Marikana mine. The judicial commission of inquiry appointed by President Jacob Zuma may present the facts. But we have to go past who fired the first bullet. It will take painstaking commitment on all sides to rebuild trust. This is a complex dispute that is a political microcosm of south african society.
The US is on the verge of meeting most of the economic conditions the federal reserve has set to increase interest rates next month, according to a member of the rate-setting federal open market Committee.
US-led negotiations to reduce tariffs on a range of electronic goods are set to resume within weeks, after China indicated it would shorten a list of products it had wanted excluded.
They take the two copies of each order from the printers, hand one to the chefs so that they know what to cook and keep the others on a rail in sequence so that they can monitor any table's progress. It is thus possible to get an impression of how Berger has constructed this pass to enable his kitchen to function ergonomically.
But if anyone had expected HBS to be at all rattled by the current crisis, they would have been disappointed. From the platform Prof Light offered a calm and thoughtful commentary on contemporary events. His main theme – indeed, it was a leitmotiv of the three days – was leadership. The question “Who will lead?” hung from a banner suspended on one of HBS's buildings. Other banners displayed questions such as “What is the future of market capitalism?” and “What will globalisation bring?” They reminded this onlooker of the sort of signs posted on buildings in eastern european capitals in the Soviet era, which said things like: “If we want to build socialism we are going to have to work for it.”
China Gas will pay Fortune $200m in cash on completion of the deal and another $200m as a deferred amount, which Fortune said it could choose to receive in China Gas shares.
The power of the world’s reserve currency means many investors outside the US think in dollars. This is dangerous. Consider gold, at a new high of $1,538 an ounce on Thursday. This year, it is up 8 per cent. But in euro terms, gold has fallen 2.5 per cent.
This tableau was, in its way, a metaphor for this week’s grand Nato gathering. Marking its 70th anniversary, the 29-nation alliance might have worked on a vision for the future. The founding plan — to keep the Americans in, the Soviets out and the Germans down — could do with updating.
Investors are concerned that the delay could impede the companies’ projects in Macao, the world’s second largest gaming market.
I've been invited to an awards dinner and am pretty certain I am going to win. My husband has been invited but hates this sort of thing and is dismissive about the work I do. When he comes to trade events he gets drunk, making the evening embarrassing for everyone. However, I'd like him to see that my work is acknowledged and that I'm respected. I'd like to thank him in my speech for all his support, as he has mainly stayed at home with the children. Dare I risk taking him?
“The weak dollar is a significant threat and makes the US less attractive from a return point of view,” Kenneth Shen, the Qatar Investment Authority's head of strategy and private equity, told the conference – voicing views widely echoed by other participants. Mr Shen later said the QIA was more focused on emerging markets, particularly in Asia, and was diversifying away from the US as a result.
barack obama is poised to nominate Chuck Hagel as secretary of defence, setting the stage for a nomination fight focusing on the former Republican senator’s views on Israel and Iran.
wealth management is an industry where the focus has traditionally been on distribution rather than content, says Mr Kalaris. "Part of what we are trying to do is redefine content in the wealth management space."
Toshiba, Fujitsu and Sony all have a strong position in high-end UMPC segment.
Mr Skinner said: “We are in the foothills of our relationship with Chinalco, but we expect . . . there to be opportunities for co-operation.” This could include the joint construction of port and rail infrastructure in Queensland, Australia, for the two companies' neighbouring bauxite mining projects there.
Iraqi militiamen and their supporters pulled back from the us embassy in Baghdad on Wednesday, a day after they attempted to storm the diplomatic mission.
His blog is peppered with comments such as “selling anything is fine but selling out the country is wrong!”
His speech on Sunday to the annual meeting of the ruling liberal democratic party came with an apology for a cronyism scandal that has exposed document falsification at the finance ministry, dragged Mr Abe’s approval ratings to their lowest level since 2012 and threatened his hopes of becoming the country’s longest serving postwar prime minister.
A Credit Suisse product once valued at $2.2bn has fallen victim to Wall Street’s dramatic equities sell-off, leaving institutional investors and hedge funds nursing heavy losses while the swiss bank said it had emerged financially unscathed.
But now the betting is back on.
The “global rules-based order” is a yawn-inducing phrase but it means something important. All countries in the world, bar a few rogue states, deal with each other according to an agreed set of legal, economic and military rules.
Finland has had 90 per cent fewer coronavirus deaths per capita than Sweden and its economy contracted by less in the first half of 2020 as well. Even now as the rest of Europe frets about a big surge in cases, Finland has one of the lowest infection rates on the continent, although it has ticked up in the past two weeks.
We already know that, as designed, the eurozone did not meet this test. Hence all the improvisation of today. The original design created huge imbalances. When the flow of finance dried up, these delivered a wave of financial and fiscal crises and a legacy of unaffordable debt. Furthermore, the forces driving those imbalances generated divergences in competitiveness. These also need to be redressed, as quickly as possible.
Dmitry Medvedev, the president of Russia, is in China this week for talks aimed at cementing a new partnership between the world’s biggest energy producer and consumer.
The agreement comes as Beijing is poised to relax a two-year ban on foreign investment in the country's booming domestic securities industry.
Guo Quan's condemnation of Google comes amid a renewed drive by chinese authorities to clamp down on dissent ahead of the beijing olympics that includes the arrest of Hu Jia, one of China's best-known human rights activists.
Robotic equipment fills
Washington is seeking to repair the regulatory system. This is a wholly worthwhile task. Improvements in regulatory policy &ndash  if part of a broader review of the financial architecture &ndash  could herald greater prosperity for future generations. But efficacy, not convenience, should be the goal of policymakers. We will have done ourselves no favours if what is billed as &ldquo comprehensive regulatory reform&rdquo  over-promises and under-delivers.
Pushing for improved accounting standards at overseas listed chinese companies makes sense. Ejecting them from US exchanges for not meeting exact US standards does not.
As Christmas Eve dawns, the tent hamlet that popped up in front of St Paul’s Cathedral more than two months ago is still there. Today, the mood in the London outcrop of the global Occupy movement is relaxed – a little festive even – compared with the encampment’s tense October stand-off with church and city authorities.
The us senate has passed a bill that would force the trump administration to re-examine Hong Kong’s special status each year, infuriating China as protests continue to roil the city.
The plan is being pitched as a way to bring tens of billions of dollars of private capital into the us mortgage market and to speed housing finance reforms that remain bogged down in Congress.
The idea of a three-way summit was proposed by the leaders of the two Koreas when they held their first meeting at the border village of Panmunjom last month. Mr Moon expressed hopes for such a meeting, after he unexpectedly held a second round of talks with mr kim at Panmunjom on Saturday.
Dean Paatsch, a RiskMetrics executive, said Macquarie was the most lent stock on the Australian market. “It's not the same as short selling but these figures give us a very good proxy that there is a lot of short selling going on in Macquarie.” short selling is the process in which shares are borrowed and then sold in the hope of buying them back later at a lower price for a profit.
“I had read Tom Wolfe’s The Bonfire of the Vanities and imagined the trading rooms of wall street to be overcrowded and dominated by emotion and, as Wolfe wrote, full of ‘young men . . . sweating early in the morning and shouting’,” Beunza notes in his 2019 book Taking The Floor.
The arrangement artificially increased the bank’s regulatory capital levels, which are closely watched by regulators and investors to gauge a lender’s financial strength.
He has sent copies of Heat, he says, to some of his old contacts. “I sent it to Don DeLillob（注：http://www.rayli.com.cn/2006-05-24/L0011001_165712.html）/b, Annie Proulx and Stephen King. Don said his wife, Barbara, grabbed it and read it, and he was going to read it next. Annie said she loved it. Stephen King was too busy promoting himself. He sent regrets via his agent.”
China’s economy is slowing down. Both official statistics and people’s daily experience appear to tell the same story. Disappointing retail sales figures for November spooked investors, deepening anxiety about the economy.
Analysts with the New York-based brokerage said shares could rise to $180, valuing the company at $1.05tn based on Apple’s share count on January 9.
“Certainly we are going to get some headwind rather than tailwind  no question about it,” he told the Financial Times.
Many investors and diplomats say that more of this progress is vital if Shanghai is to have any chance of meeting its goal of becoming an international financial centre by 2020.
He said the optimal policy response involved quicker and more aggressive interest rate cuts than those suggested by a standard policy rule, in which policymakers respond only to deviations in output and inflation.
Joseph Schumpeter famously argued that the essence of capitalism was creative destruction, by which new economic structures are born from the rubble of older ones. The government stress tests on the 19 largest US banks, the results of which are due be announced today, could have facilitated this process. The opportunity looks likely to be missed.
The company would not say how many of its store managers in the city of Chongqing had been detained but said it was co-operating with an investigation by the Chongqing Administration of Industry and Commerce.
The Central Party School was established in 1933 to indoctrinate cadres in Marxism, Leninism and, later, mao zedong Thought, and past headmasters have included Mao himself, recently anointed president xi jinping and his predecessor Hu Jintao. In keeping with some of the momentous changes that have occurred in Chinese society, the curriculum has been radically revised in recent years. Students still steep themselves in the wisdom of Das Kapital and “Deng Xiaoping Theory” but they are also taught classes in economics, law, religion, military affairs and western political thought. As well as watching anti-corruption documentaries and participating in revolutionary singalongs, the mid-level and high-ranking party cadres who make up the student body are given lessons in opera appreciation and diplomatic etiquette.
Traditionally, they have favoured fixed-income assets such as US Treasuries, but they are increasingly looking for alternative long-term equity holdings.
mr trump has succeeded where Huey Long and George Wallace, American populists of the 20th century, fell well short. In storming to the White House, he has rewritten the presidential campaign playbook. He ran against the republican party establishment and saw off all rivals, many with proven track records in office. Finally, after a campaign long on invective and short on policy, he delivered an improbable victory against Hillary Clinton, the ultimate establishment candidate.
These industries lost 75 per cent more money per company because of fraud than other sectors, Kroll found, as a result of compliance issues and theft of intellectual property.
The value of Temasek’s portfolio has declined for the first time in seven years, with the sharp fall for Standard Chartered, the UK bank, in the past financial year while China’s economic slowdown dented Asian investments.
Bill Ruprecht began his working life as a 23-year-old typist in the textiles, carpet and tapestries department of Sotheby's in New York.
Japan's government could buy shares to prop up the ailing stock market in a desperate attempt to prevent tumbling equity prices from inflicting further pain on its fragile economy.
The Shanghai Municipal Administration of Industry and Commerce imposed a Rmb6m ($958,000) fine, described by state news agency Xinhua as the largest of its kind on record in China
It was just one symbol of the attention to detail that eventually made a success of the sometimes tortured integration of the two companies. Others included switching to English as the enlarged group’s corporate language from day one, to the distress of some Mandarin-speakers, and making sure coffee, as well as traditional loose-leaf tea, was available when westerners visited Chinese facilities.
One of the most shocking discoveries about Covid-19 has been its disproportionate impact on black, Asian and other ethnic minority people compared with whites. The extended lockdown in Britain’s Leicester, where significant levels of such communities are believed to be at high risk, only amplifies these findings.
Put aside spending on services, such as education or health  focus on benefits paid to individuals, such as housing benefits, tax credits paid to those in work and pensions. In the UK, such benefits amount to a huge sum: 33 per cent of current spending (and 12.5 per cent of gross domestic product) in 2014-15.
The Short View: us dollar and commodities - Aug-11
The pair's joint $2.2bn acquisition of Nan Shan Life Insurance, agreed with AIG in October, is Taiwan's biggest inbound financial deal, almost double the size of Standard Chartered's acquisition of Hsinchu International four years ago. Yet the bidders' difficulties are less to do with size and more with suspicions that they are backed by China-sourced funds.
However, as this year's united nations human development report yesterday pointed out, this does not reflect a global shortage. The planet's hydrological system transfers about 6,900 cubic metres of water to the land for every human on earth, more than four times the amount needed to support farming, industry and the environment.
The solar power industry could gain a significant boost as Asian and european companies invest to quadruple worldwide production of polysilicon, a key material for making solar cells.
Kosovo is another foreign policy issue on which the chinese communist party does not want a free debate, for the straightforward reason that Kosovo has declared independence from Serbia and Beijing fears that Taiwan may one day follow suit and secede from China.
There are three main reasons why chinese lenders are not bestriding the globe. The first is that the nation has no need to shop abroad for banking expertise. Insights into selling insurance or credit cards, say, can be imported by selling small stakes to Allianz or American Express, as ICBC did four years ago. Second, China views banking as a utility, to oil the wheels of the productive economy. Overseas branches – ICBC has 162, versus 16,000 back home – are mostly to facilitate trade finance for state-owned enterprises, not build empires of their own. Pay is commensurately low. With total pay of Rmb1.6m ($236,000) in 2008, ICBC chairman Jiang Jianqing would be making tea on some western trading floors.
Germans are benefiting more from their economic rebound than Americans are from the us recovery thanks to greater investment in education and infrastructure.
While the bulk of the 23 Sino-foreign fund joint ventures have been lossmaking, leading foreign firms saw their profit margins rise for the first time in 2005 - a trend that is likely to continue this year, according to Z-Ben estimates.
“We have to make efforts to bring in greater efficiency so we can control rising social security costs and I believe there are still various means available,” he said. “At the same time we shall also work on the Japanese public regarding their perception of the tax burden and perhaps ask for their [greater] contribution to the social security premium – and payments ‘at the window’ as they receive service.”
Sep 18 2008: A UBS trader speaking to a broker with the hope of profiting from libor manipulation: “If you keep 6s [the six month JPY LIBOR rate] unchanged today . . . I will f**king do one humongous deal with you . . .  Like a 50,000 buck deal, whatever. . . I need you to keep it as low as possible . . . if you do that . . . I’ll pay you, you know, 50,000 dollars, 100,000 dollars . . . whatever you want . . .  I’m a man of my word.”
State Grid, China's biggest power utility, has agreed to spend at least US$900m (€660m, £599m) to develop a large copper deposit in Chile in partnership with Vancouver-based Quadra Mining.
A government push for state mergers added further fuel to property sector deals, which hit an all-time high last year — up 32 per cent in value from 2015, according to Wind Information, a Chinese financial data provider.
BP reported a sharp drop in profits due to the plunging oil price but promised more cost cuts to strengthen its finances as it opened a tricky earnings season for the &ldquo super-major&rdquo  oil companies.
China has been ramping up its steel industry for years, but even by its own standards the past few years have been staggering. Between 2003 and 2006, steel production nearly doubled from 222m tonnes to 419m tonnes, according to the China Iron and Steel Association. Output was up another 18 per cent in the first 8 months of this year.
Polyus Gold International, a London-listed miner that is Russia’s top producer of gold, has announced the industry’s biggest hedging transaction in six years, raising the prospect of an increase in forward selling as producers attempt to lock in prices.
The shares can convert into listed ordinary shares, implicitly confirming long-held rumours that Volvo wants to seek a listing after more than a decade of ownership under first Ford Motor and now Zhejiang Geely of China.
It is not often that professors find a fox sitting among their students. Yet a fox was one of the class members at a recent Insead lecture. While some might worry about a business school that believes animals are suitable course participants, they will be reassured to find that the fox was actually a real student attending a class in the school's campus on emiSecond Life/i/em, the online virtual world where users can be creative in designing their avatars, the personae used to navigate the site.
China, by contrast, is on a roll. president hu Jintao’s rare state visit to Washington this week comes at a time when many Chinese see their weathering of the financial crisis as a vindication of their own system, and the beginning of an era in which US-style liberal ideas will no longer be dominant. State-owned enterprises are back in vogue, and were the chosen mechanism through which Beijing administered its massive stimulus. The automatic admiration for all things American that many Chinese once felt has given way to a much more nuanced and critical view of US weaknesses – verging, for some, on contempt. It is thus not surprising that polls suggest far more Chinese think their country is going in the right direction than their American counterparts.
Palm Beach is where money goes to retire, not to evaporate. But Bernard Madoff's alleged $50bn investment scam has struck residents of this fairy tale spot with a bone-shattering thud. As the shock sets in, various members of a community that is saturated with conspicuous wealth are now trying to remain as inconspicuous as possible.
The deterioration in hard data and sentiment has forced economic forecasters to lower their estimates of growth this year and next. A leak of the detailed IMF forecasts, to be published tomorrow, showed the fund revising down its 2012 global growth forecast to 3.3 per cent from 3.4 per cent in July and shaving another 0.3 percentage points off its July forecast of 3.9 per cent for 2013.
Airbus is cutting 10,000 jobs, or 11.5 per cent of its 87,000 workforce, including temporary contract workers, during the next four years as part of the most radical restructuring in its 37-year history.
The currency, which has been strengthening over the past few weeks, got another push yesterday after a rise in producer price inflation suggested the Bank of England would continue to increase UK interest rates.
Xinhua, China’s state news agency, said the foreign ministry summoned Max Baucus, the relatively new US ambassador, on Monday night to make a “solemn representation” over the criminal charges. A us embassy spokesman confirmed that Mr Baucus had met the foreign ministry on Monday evening in Beijing.
But in the nearby village, the working-age men and many of the women have gone, leaving only the elderly and the very young.
But the latest contract from state-owned carrier China Mobile shows that, at home at least, China will rely mostly on domestic companies. The Rmb37.1bn ($5.2bn) contract covers 232,143 5G base stations, the majority of the company’s targeted buildout this year.
It is targeting 60 contracts worth $80bn over the next five years, with 75 per cent of them coming from the “eastern hemisphere” – many of them from the Middle East.
The trend is particularly concerning for countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia, which were banking on chinese tourists to help boost their slowing economies.
Ms Mutreja said there had been increasing interest from companies seeking to shift their supply chains. “Many of them have been dependent on China for a long time and they are looking for an alternative,” said the 36-year-old. “The natural thing is going to India.”
First, globalisation has integrated finance. There used to be wide variation in real interest rates between different countries. That is no longer the case, since interest rates everywhere now respond to common influences.
In a statement, Noble said it was in advanced discussions with “potential purchasers on both this sale and other strategic transactions.”
It is easy to understand their search for something of wider human appeal than the technical analysis of his emiGeneral Theory/em. I myself have tried to do so by quoting at the beginning of some of my articles from Keynes's pro-spending remarks in informal talks and articles dating from the early 1930s before they were formalised in his magnum opus. But the preoccupation with “animal spirits” is quite the wrong way to do this, especially at the present stage of the business cycle.
“Valuations are a lot more reasonable now,” said Zhao Chen, managing partner at start-up accelerator Plug and Play China. “It's a good time to find strong teams who can power through this period.”
Four years ago I was considering my future. I had decided, out of all the possible degrees I could pursue, that I wanted to do an MBA.
If China, the world’s second-largest economy, does not get tough on its emissions, other countries might not be willing to either.
The exam boom, however, has raised concerns over a misallocation of human resources. Analysts said the influx of talents into public service threatened a skills shortage in the private sector, which drives economic growth.
From where I sat, listening to him, a revolution did not appear to be in progress. Ferraris were driving up to the hotel and multi-decked yachts, some with helicopter pads, filled the harbour. “You are as paranoid as I am,” Ralph Lauren once told Mr Rupert, who concluded: “If you have a healthy dose of paranoia, you survive.”
“I read from newspapers that about 60 per cent of oil used in China in 2007 was produced locally. About 30 per cent to 40 per cent was imported. That's why I am not worried about sales of our products,” said Yang Hua, chief financial officer.
Didi Kuaidi, the Chinese ride-hailing app, has become an investor in its Indian counterpart Ola – raising the stakes as Uber tries to gain a greater toehold in Asia.
Mass transit in Asia is an excellent example. The number of Asians living in megacities with more than 10m residents will double by 2025, the UN predicts. Meanwhile, vehicle ownership is doubling every five years amid rising incomes, while sharply rising carbon emissions are reducing air quality.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act was supposed to safeguard the US from another Enron-style accounting scandal. But the examiner's report into Lehman Brothers' failure has shed light on a new one. The parallels between the two bankruptcies are striking. First are the chief executives who claim ignorance of material measures. Second is the use of ugly, reality-cloaking off-balance sheet transactions. The resultant &ldquo repo 105/108&rdquo  transactions, which in Lehman's final three quarters increased by almost one-third to $50bn, massaged the bank's period-end balance sheets and reduced its reported leverage.
Shanxi had become a byword for the dark side of China's economic rise after a stream of accidents at coal mines  nationally, more than 3,000 people died in 2008. Mine owners became a cartoon pin-up for the country's ills.
Recently Mr Castro wrote a long article in the official daily Granma, his first in eight months, and before that he chatted with his ally Hugo Chávez for half an hour on Venezuelan radio.
No wonder, then, that technologists have long sought a way to transmit smell electronically. Imagine being able to send from your phone not just a photo but the aroma of freshly mown grass, the scents of an exotic spice market or of a brand new perfume, and know that the recipient would instantly experience it.
While violence in Chinese labour disputes has not reached the level seen in India, where a car parts company executive was beaten to death last year, labour protests in China are rising.
How ironic, then, that the Chinese government, at exactly the same time, banned its officials from accepting scholarships on executive mba programmes – MBAs for working managers. In a move designed to beat corruption, the government has barred “leading cadres” in the Communist party, the government and state-owned enterprises from signing up for costly business training unless they have official approval and pay the fees themselves.
But on this, they did at least have luck on their side. The Taiwanese, unique among Chinese cultures, have a tradition of exhuming remains after seven years to be transferred to family urns. So AMZ decided to help the government build a mausoleum in Penghu and move the remains. By the end of the seventh year, just as other bureaucratic processes were being completed, the last graves were gone.
There were no signs of trouble to begin with. Built in 1834, the University Arms spent the first 130 years of its existence as a solid, Regency-style hotel. Late 19th- and early 20th-century additions gave it impressive scale, with turrets to match, but its character remained intact. Given its landmark position — on the main road from the railway station to the centre of town, with a commanding elevation on the broad grass expanse of Parker’s Piece — that was just as well.
The general tenor of all this criticism is clear. Why won’t ms merkel live up to her promise to do “whatever it takes” to save the euro? Why won’t she finally get ahead of the crisis, by committing all of Germany’s financial might to the project? Why can she not see that eurobonds – a pooling of credit risk across the EU – are the answer? Europe needs a leader and instead it has got a hausfrau.
Mayors and magistrates from southern Taiwan invited the Tibetan spiritual leader to go and pray for the victims of typhoon Morakot, which killed more than 300 people this month. The invitation put Mr Ma on the spot, poised between his so far successful efforts to improve ties with China and the domestic firestorm over his government's slow and disorderly response to the disaster, which has already led several cabinet officials to resign.
Imagine how much credit mr tsang would earn if, by the end of his new term of office five years from now, he had added democracy and a cleaner environment to a list of Hong Kong's qualities that already includes the rule of law and press freedom. The reluctance to green hong kong is especially surprising given how delighted Beijing would be if mr tsang pioneered policies and practices that could be applied to China's other polluted cities.
Just days after 20 Indian soldiers were killed in a brutal clash with Chinese troops on the Himalayan border in June, a group of food delivery drivers in the eastern city of Kolkata found a way to express their outrage.
This is particularly important because much of the debt build-up since the global financial crisis of 2007-08 has been in the non-bank corporate sector where the current disruption to supply chains and reduced global growth imply lower earnings and greater difficulty in servicing debt. In effect, the coronavirus raises the extraordinary prospect of a credit crunch in a world of ultra-low and negative interest rates.
While the Spanish parliament last year passed a law requiring 40 per cent female representation by 2015, such proposals are highly contentious elsewhere, including in the UK where the CBI, the employers' group, is against specific targets.
The eurozone crisis has changed all this: bilateral relations have become more party political. The reason is that important policy decisions have shifted from the national to the eurozone level. Take the fiscal compact, recently signed by european union leaders, most of whom are from the centre-right. The compact was Ms Merkel’s idea  mr sarkozy strongly supports it. But François Hollande, the French Socialist presidential candidate, says that, if elected, he will renegotiate it.
chancellor angela Merkel’s attempt to choose a new German president by consensus has run into trouble after her Social Democrat coalition partners proposed foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier for the job.
For those who think of the market as a person, investment skill is understanding Mr Market's psychology and anticipating, a little faster than others, his changing moods. Those who think of the market as opinion poll take a sceptical view of all investment skill: they believe that the result of the continuous referendum reflects collective wisdom. Everything that can be known is already in the price of securities. The voting machine metaphor underpins the efficient market hypothesis.
Shanghai's composite index fell 2.8 per cent to 5,290.61, as mainland financial and property stocks took their cue from Hong Kong.
Hundreds of communist party officials in southern china have been forced to accept demotions after being caught up in president xi Jinping’s latest anti-corruption campaign – a clampdown on “naked officials”.
President Uhuru Kenyatta of Kenya has called on China to rebalance an increasingly skewed trade relationship between Africa and the rising superpower, arguing that Beijing must do more to tackle a widening trade deficit.
The figures could weigh on China’s ability to hit its economic growth in line with its annual target this quarter. Beijing targets average annual economic growth of 6.5 per cent until 2020, and reported 6.7 per cent year-on-year growth in the first quarter.
For critics of governments that throw their financial weight around to achieve political ends, the revelation of the activities of China's state administration of Foreign Exchange (Safe) will be yet more cause for alarm.
As well as its international expansion, the firm has broadened out beyond architecture into other areas such as design and management consultancy.
The government has in the past argued that Hong Kong's economy is too small for a competition law. However, it said yesterday it had accepted the 2006 recommendations of an advisory panel that concluded that anti-monopoly laws were needed.
Probably about a quarter of China's nearly $2,000bn (&#8364 1,300bn, &pound 1,100bn) in foreign exchange reserves is invested in the bonds of government-linked US institutions such as Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, which were in effect nationalised by the us government earlier this month. At least another quarter is in treasury bonds and other us dollar assets.
The growing trade and tech war between Washington and Beijing has been characterised by fierce rhetorical broadsides from both sides of the dispute.
Laisser-faire critics protest that prices should fall until markets clear. They are wrong. In a systemic crisis markets are inherently unstable: further price falls are as likely to accelerate their own decline as to stabilise, in the process shrinking demand throughout the economy.
China keeps the currency composition of its reserves a state secret, but some analysts believe that more than two-thirds are probably still held in dollars.
Some of Mr Schäuble’s counterparts at a Brussels gathering said markets could be spooked by any sign the EU was backing away from consolidating banking oversight, five months after agreeing to pursue it.
The concept is making a comeback as a high-performance, "ultra-portable" device that slots neatly in between full-size laptops and hybrid devices such as the HTC Shift ( emiwww.htc.com /i/em) with its tilting 7in touch screen, slide-out qwerty keyboard and built-in 3G cellular data connection.
But even those suspicious of the government's alleged Cassandra syndrome admit it will not be a bad thing if the alarmism adds impetus to Hong Kong's modest and often ad hoc recycling efforts.
His two younger brothers, Thomas and Raymond, had wanted him demoted, claiming he suffered from bipolar disorder. Walter, 61, then wrote a letter to the board of the family-owned company that said: “We three are brothers. Why should we keep fighting each other?”
The new mandate would also encourage the Fed to deal with excesses by striking the right balance between deploying its policy interest rate and other tools. In times of asset-market froth, I favour the “leaning against the wind” approach with regard to interest rates – pushing the federal funds rate higher than a narrow inflation target might suggest. But there are other Fed tools that can be directed at financial excesses – margin requirements for equity lending as well as controls on the issuance of exotic mortgage instruments (zero-interest rate products come to mind). In addition, the Fed should not be bashful in using the bully pulpit of moral persuasion to warn against the impending dangers of asset bubbles.
Last week, both countries were at it again. In Greece, striking workers blocked access to the Acropolis in protest against job losses and were dispersed by riot police with teargas. Demonstrations in France against efforts to raise the retirement age also gathered momentum, with millions taking to the streets.
“India is our biggest market outside of mainland china and also an extremely important one. Our goal is to become number one in the next three to five years and we are keen on partnerships here,” said Bin Lin, Xiaomi co-founder and president, in a statement.
Such a move would not only affect the crucial border crossing but also take control of an oil pipeline in the nearby Faysh Khabur region, which would be a huge economic blow to the Kurds.
Google will be hit by its biggest ever regulatory fine today as Brussels imposes a multibillion-euro penalty on the us tech group for abusing its dominant position in operating systems for mobile phones.
Japan’s exports slipped for the first time in eight months in July, as subdued demand in key markets such as the US and Asia offset the boost to manufacturers from a lower yen.
Foxconn, the Taiwanese contract manufacturer that makes products for Apple, has been hit by a second outbreak of labour unrest in less than two weeks as one of its largest factories in China is hurrying to churn out the latest iPhone.
That Vietnam is seeking closer military co-operation from Washington already carries potent symbolism. It signals the changes taking place as a result of Mr Obama’s determination to devote more of his country’s diplomatic, military and economic resources towards strengthening ties in Asia and countering China’s regional ambitions.
Several Shanghai stockbrokers said they believed government-sanctioned share purchases began even before the official announcement last night, helping Shanghai to recover from a 6 per cent early decline to close 1.72 per cent down on the day.
Reserve Primary's loss was triggered on September 16 when it was forced to value $785m worth of Lehman Brothers debt securities at zero in the wake of the investment bank filing for bankruptcy protection.
The MNI China Business Indicator jumped 8.4 per cent to 55.6. The jump is the largest since March 2011, which sounds impressive until you notice the indicator fell 8.3 per cent in September.
For this the Prospects report indicates three explanations: first, the high-income countries as a whole grew at an estimated rate of about 2.6 per cent last year, partly because of the buoyancy of the eurozone  second, the momentum of emerging economies and above all of the giants is formidable, with the expansion of the chinese economy estimated at 11.3 per cent and of India at 9.0 per cent  third, economic integration continues apace, with world trade growing 9.2 per cent in 2007.
“The guys that run state-owned enterprises are government officials and there are a lot of rules that go with that,” Mr Barney says. “You talk about running a global business, but they sometimes had trouble getting out of the country for two or three weeks to learn about it.”
The Fed chairmanMr Bernanke said core inflation had “improved modestly since the spring” but observed that inflation remains “uncomfortably high”. Noting that labour costs have been “rising more quickly of late”, he said there was a “worrisome possibility” that companies would try to pass on these higher costs to consumers. He pledged to “continue to monitor the inflation situation closely”.
Executives at the two companies have talked in public and with regulators about the possibility of returning cash to investors after taking action to conserve resources during the turmoil. However, they say that they are not in a rush to go ahead, especially if their watchdogs oppose such moves.
Japan's veneration for order has been fully transplanted to this TVS factory in the city of Hosur.
If eight is a lucky number in China, then eighty-eight must be doubly so. Not for some investors in BYD, the Chinese handset, car and electric vehicle maker, whose share price peaked at that level in 2009. It now trades at $50. For Warren Buffett, however, who bought one-tenth of the company at $8 per share in 2008, fortune has indeed been kind.
But Moody’s downgrades coincided with a rerun of the european banking Authority’s stress tests of the region’s banks. The fear is that proper market-based writedowns of their sovereign debt holdings could lead to a European Union-imposed recapitalisation of weak banks. That prompted a sell-off in the shares of UK banks – including Barclays, which was not downgraded.
General Electric is to take a charge of up to $1.4bn in the third quarter to pay for the exit from its Japanese personal loan business and us subprime unit in an attempt to reduce its exposure to troubled areas of the consumer finance market.
mr paulson said the scheme was not targeted at institutions that are “on the verge of failing”. Rather, it was designed for “healthy, successful institutions”.
Second, reaching the renewable energy targets that China declared in the run-up to Paris translates into a rapid increase in clean energy investment. China’s renewable energy investment in 2015 was $110bn: a 17 per cent increase from the year before and nearly double the US renewable investment level. China has installed more wind capacity – 145 GW – than that in the US, Germany, and India combined. Utilisation is also rising: as part of the total primary energy consumption, the share of non-fossil fuels has also increased from roughly 8 per cent in 2010 to 12 per cent in 2015. Recent data suggest that these investments, as well as successful efforts to reduce coal use, may have helped carbon dioxide emissions slow, or even fall, last year. Indeed, China’s coal consumption seems to have reached its peak in 2014.
Ten of the biggest US companies, including Alcoa, General Electric, and Lehman Brothers, will today pile pressure on president george W. Bush to take more aggressive action on climate change. They will urge him to embrace a system of mandatory caps on greenhouse gas emissions designed to cut them by up to 30 per cent over the next 15 years.
Commodities as an asset class
The Commission said Northern Rock's plan to split into two &ndash  in effect creating a &ldquo good&rdquo  and a &ldquo bad&rdquo  bank &ndash  was compatible with state aid rules.
That could create a dollar crisis, pushing up both long-term interest rates and risk premiums on us assets and rendering its rate cuts much less effective than had been hoped in mitigating the economic slowdown.
abu dhabi will also establish a fund of $500m to co-finance production of Warner films – a figure that could grow over time.
In the meantime, Mr Couvrecelle is also concentrating on expansion elsewhere. A business development office should open in the next few weeks in Santiago in Chile. India is a longer term possibility but in his personal view, the business environment is difficult.
The warnings follow grim labour market data on Friday, which showed a postwar unemployment high of 14.7 per cent, and come as the US weighs the economic consequences of maintaining coronavirus restrictions.
China’s central bank is paying “intimate attention” to recent renminbi depreciation and will maintain its policy of letting market fundamentals guide the renminbi exchange rate, People’s Bank of China governor Yi Gang said on Tuesday.
Futeng is one of the dozens of property developers that have sprung up in chinese cities over the past decade, as entrepreneurs parlayed contacts with local government officials into lucrative real estate deals.
Another 14 per cent expected their budgets to rise moderately while 32 per cent expected them to stay in line. Only 11 per cent thought they would be cut.
Russia’s intervention comes at another turbulent time for Bitcoin, whose price dropped sharply over the weekend because Mt Gox, one of the largest exchanges, stopped letting customers withdraw their money. It cited technical issues and promised an update today.
A slow down in the growth of China's trade surplus will naturally have to be matched elsewhere. If the US deficit is to improve without lower US domestic demand, then a switch in investment towards traded goods will be needed. As the capital/output ratio for the production of traded goods is much higher than needed to satisfy domestic demand, business investment in the US will need to rise as a proportion of GDP and consumption will have to be weak to finance both the improvement in the current account and the higher level of investment.
Even the very wealthy have to curtail their expenditure when the value of their stock portfolios decline.
Terry Pan, head of retail business at Jardine Fleming Asset Management, says this year “has been quite a challenge – to the extent that the market has been very choppy, and some investors have taken bets off the table”. The situation, however, was still far better than the “dark days of the late 1990s”, during the asian financial crisis.
When the billionaire warren buffett wants the rich to be taxed more, the Republicans oppose it at their peril. That, at least, is Barack Obama’s bet. A millionaires’ tax is the big new idea in the president’s latest plan to control the medium-term deficit, which comes on the heels of his call for a new stimulus to revive the US economy.
Mr Deripaska has claimed in court testimony that Mr Cherney was never a partner in the “legal and commercial sense of the word”, but instead ran a protection racket, extorting money out of his business. Mr Cherney denies any ties to organised crime. The us state department has refused to grant Mr Deripaska an entry visa  it declines to explain why.
In countries such as the UK, that vulnerability seems likely to restrain economic growth for many years during which the rate of mortgage defaults will probably increase from current low levels. Yet a shift to a higher interest-rate environment will also pose a micro-level challenge to the business sector on which debt-encumbered economies are relying to offset weakness in the household sector.
Macao’s growth has come amid a relaxation of travel restrictions for mainland Chinese over the past few years. With growing wealth and an itch to gamble, mainlanders have been the biggest supporters of Macao’s transformation from a gambling den to Asia’s Las Vegas.
The move will sharpen competition between Mr Bezos, a seasoned technology entrepreneur, and Apple, whose founder steve jobs retired last month, as their businesses converge on digital media sales and distribution.
Quite probably we will see more funding crises, as some eurozone governments and banks seek to refinance their debts. We must also be prepared for a public backlash against what in several countries are the most extreme austerity programmes since the 1930s. The euro, even if it survives the year, will remain a source of political, economic and financial instability for the eurozone itself and the world as a whole.
Either because of the puppies or us federal reserve chair Jay Powell, the mood was strikingly relaxed, with a near-ubiquitous confidence that a dovish Fed had bought more time for the long US bull market.
Half of the defendants who have been accused of crimes by the justice department’s antitrust division over the past five years have been based outside the US. Since 1999, 20 foreign nationals have served prison sentences on competition cases, out of a total of 107 individuals.
The company's existing advertising network lets advertisers bid online to have their simple text messages displayed alongside the results of internet searches relevant to their products. This low-cost, automated network has already been extended once, bringing advertising space from websites other than Google to the same group of advertisers. Now, the company plans to automate the sale of all types of online advertising through the network, including display and video. It also wants to use the same platform to sell radio, print and television inventory.
Or look at the yields on treasury bonds and Tips (Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities). Louis Woodhill, a senior fellow at the Committee to Unleash Prosperity, notes that the us federal Reserve’s “target PCE inflation rate is 2 per cent, and the market is betting that PCE inflation will average barely over half that rate (1.1 per cent) for the next 30 years!” Both Mr Woodhill and I have been warning of the damage from falling prices for many months. Our deflation diagnosis may seem surprising because Congress has added  some $3tn to the debt and the Fed has injected at least $2.1tn of dollar liquidity into the economy. The central bank has also cut interest rates  close to zero. These actions are normally associated with rising, not falling prices.
It turned into a trial of strength between the US and the Group of 77, a 130-strong bloc of developing nations. The G77 won after the US was booed for refusing to accept the minor changes to the text the G77 wanted. Perhaps stung by Papua New Guinea's admonition, the US caved in and was cheered.
However, Mr Zhu sees little evidence that Chinese carmakers have a cost advantage, adding that doing away with dealerships was unlikely to prove advantageous.
This may be why Apple prefers to talk about its plans for Hollywood deals and gaming. Yet the company’s performance still depends more on iPhones than anything else. Around the world there are more than 900m iPhones in use. Sales account for almost half of Apple’s total revenue.
Chinese delegates observing the recent European Union-Africa summit must have left reassured that their own relations with the continent are the more dynamic. Try as they did, Europe's leaders were unable to quash recriminations from their African counterparts over trade, or smother controversy among their own nationals about the invitation of Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe's leader.
China’s private entrepreneurs are shifting away from investments in favour of paying down dollar debt and keeping cash at hand to brace for an economic downturn exacerbated by the Trump administration’s trade tariffs.
China needs to reduce unfair subsidies and stop the theft of intellectual property as well as letting its currency appreciate, Tim Geithner, us treasury secretary, has said.
Industry insiders say the most plausible reason for the influx is that a crop of investments by international private equity and venture capital funds is reaching maturity. Paradoxically, just as chinese companies finally begin to feel more comfortable about tighter US rules, Beijing has introduced legislation to nudge them towards domestic listings.
In what remuneration experts say marks only the beginning of potentially the largest adjustment in decades, average pay per head in a sample of nine European and us investment banks has fallen from 9.5 times the private sector average in 2006 to 5.8 times last year, according to research compiled by PwC exclusively for the FT.
From fast food to smartphones, from luxury goods to groceries, the way China shops — and what mainland shoppers want to buy — is changing rapidly. The changes are leaving foreign supermarket and hypermarket chains struggling to keep up by revamping store formats and selling more groceries online, retail analysts say.
The other big issue is whether each production field has the right type of coal. If the coal is soft and of “low permeability”, the gas will not easily flow into the pipes drilled underground, even with recent advances in drilling technology.
Mr and Mrs Hildebrand have also published all of their financial transactions for the past year and the chairman will address a news conference today to explain his wife’s actions.
The price of the first serving of Coca-Cola was five cents in 1886, which is about a dollar (50p) in today's money. Coke no longer sells for a nickel, and that is not terribly surprising. What is surprising is that it took more than 60 years for the price of Coca-Cola to change.
Russia threatened to escalate a growing trade dispute between the Kremlin and the EU, saying it could cap western car and clothing imports.
"In the past few years there has been a fundamental change- that is the probability of haze in the case of winds coming in from the northeast or southeast," said CY Lam, director of the hong kong Observatory. "We could see haze coming from clearly identified sources in western Taiwan. The particulate matter could come from many directions."
Investors who lost money on structured products, such as accumulators and Lehman mini-bonds, protested on hong kong streets, alleging banks had misled them about the risks.
Several auctions of large companies that were expected to attract bids from private equity have been postponed, such as Cadbury's sale of its Schweppes business in the US and Virgin Media's auction of itself.
Mr Thain said NYSE Euronext would be unlikely to proceed with a big acquisition “in the near term” while the groups were coping with the “management challenges” of their merger.
M&C said the properties were valued at $48m and the value of its own stakes in the assets was approximately £12.7m ($19.5m). Analysts said the potential losses were not expected to have a material impact on M&C, which made £654m in revenue last year.
chinese property developer Kaisa faces mounting financial pressure after two partner companies said they would terminate joint projects and demanded the repayment of Rmb1.2bn ($196m) in related fees.
The US delegation is then scheduled to meet hu jintao and Wen Jiabao, the president and premier respectively, while mr bernanke makes a speech to a Beijing think-tank.
“All the labour force growth is coming from immigration,” says David Pecaut, the US-born founder of Boston Consulting's Canadian practice and chairman of the Toronto City Summit Alliance, a coalition of civic leaders. He says employers could do more to make the most of the immigrant expertise that is available by reviewing hiring policies, informing immigrant settlement agencies about careers fairs, and educating their organisations about the economic value of diversity that derives from language skills and contacts in new markets.
Conversion is similarly fraught. China is parsimonious with foreign ownership of A-shares, ruling out the option of swapping hard-currency shares for renminbi-denominated stock. Besides, investors could demand compensation, along the lines of the bonus scrip handed out during the reform of non-tradable shares. With headaches this big, China may well conclude that it can live with the anomaly of the tiny B-share market.
Goldman Sachs, the investment bank, began courting the agricultural bank of China five years ago in the hope of winning the mandate to help the large state bank go public last July, bringing over senior executives from new york and hong kong to woo AgBank officials.
Gross gaming revenues in Macau slipped 0.4 per cent in March from a year ago to 25.84bn patacas (about $3.19bn), according to the latest figures from Macau’s Gaming Inspection and Co-ordination Bureau.
The only thing that spoiled Ms Rousseff’s Brics party was that it took place against the backdrop of the spectacular defeat of the Brazilian national team in the tournament – 7-1 to Germany. A few months later, it is beginning to feel as if the Brics may ultimately prove as much of a disappointment as the host side.
Watch out Facebook, Tencent is following you. On Wednesday, shares in the Chinese online games and messaging service provider jumped as much as 6 per cent after revealing second-quarter revenues up 50 per cent year on year. net profit rose by a similar proportion, beating analysts’ forecasts by 10 percentage points. The figures are impressive for a $250bn company, and Tencent still has plenty of growth potential.
Iran’s civil aviation Organisation head, Ali Abedzadeh, said that the information in the black boxes would be assessed in Iran under ICAO rules but Ukrainian officials could take part in the evaluation of the flight which had been destined for Kyiv on Wednesday.
The results supported Coke's belief that fizzy drinks continue to offer long-term growth potential in spite of the shift towards healthier non-carbonated beverages in many developed countries.
consumer prices fell 0.5 per cent in March from the previous month, while producer prices remained mired in deflationary territory for a 25th-consecutive month, according to figures published by the national bureau of statistics on Friday.
The federation added that the law “contradicted all existing customs security initiatives which are based on targeted risk analysis”. According to BDI data, it takes about 10 minutes to scan one container alone – meaning that the screening of a large cargo ship “could easily result in an additional delay of 1,600 hours [nearly 70 days]”.
Kevin Warsh, a federal reserve governor, argued in a speech in March that micro liquidity was largely a product of confidence – a commodity that is in short supply now.
Two stories, one common theme: distrust of Chinese figures. Beijing has begun an urgent national audit to determine the government’s true debt levels. And in Hong Kong, regulators have been granted power to wind up China Metal Recycling, a scrap dealer, on suspicion it inflated its reported figures. Neither event will surprise China watchers.
Famously, today’s big political divide is between liberal cities and their populist hinterlands. That divide will grow as cities push out polluting and space-eating cars. Paris’s mayor Anne Hidalgo has already infuriated suburban commuters by closing the city-centre highway. By next year, she wants 15 per cent of all Parisian journeys to be made by bike, up from 4 per cent now. Around town, bike lanes are replacing car lanes.
A local government in China has determined that the world’s largest manufacturer of sports shoes which supplies Adidas and Nike should reimburse striking workers for underpaying their pension contributions over many years.
The statue comes from a controversial source: it was a donation by the People’s Republic of China.
Beijing has provided more than $3bn for the project as part of a wider plan to spend $30bn on Bangladeshi infrastructure schemes.
The stunning expansion of higher education constitutes one of the biggest changes to the world in the past 100 or so years, writes Chris Cook. In 1900, there were only 500,000 students in the world  today, the figure is 100m. From less than 1 per cent of school-leavers, the ratio has jumped to one in five.
The new moves come as Beijing takes steps towards the liberalisation of its vast but heavily protected capital markets. They show that, behind the bluster of US-China tensions in the lead up to November’s presidential election, the two countries are edging closer in financial services.
Meanwhile economic weakness is likely to multiply corporate defaults, including private equity deals. This second wave of losses for banks might prolong the credit crisis.
Such population control objectives are perhaps only achievable under an authoritarian communist regime with vast personnel and propaganda resources. And in the course of achieving goals, human rights violations do occur.
Shanxi, China’s coal-mining heartland, says it aims to list three to five companies a year overseas to raise Rmb100bn (US$12.6bn) in new capital and create pressure for reform in a province dominated by state-owned enterprises.
UBS is, of course, not Goldman Sachs. It has specific, home-grown problems. There may, too, be some kitchen-sinking by Mr Rohner's successor, Oswald Gr&uuml bel. But it is a pointer to the nasty surprises that can still spring up. Investors paid insufficient attention to the $22.7bn of toxic assets UBS was left with after transferring $39bn-worth to the Swiss National Bank. In particular, its $5.3bn exposure to monolines probably accounts for the bulk of SFr3.9bn of fresh writedowns that produced its unexpectedly big first-quarter loss.
Dan Nova, managing general partner of Highland Capital Partners, mildly objects to being called a pioneer, even as he prepares to open an office for his US-based venture capital firm in Shanghai.
Companies licensed to produce Olympic merchandise pay a portion of revenues from sales to the Beijing Olympic organising committee. The proceeds, projected to reach $70m (�2m, 35.7m), go towards funding the games.
Now imagine marrying that “facial re-enactment” technology to artfully snipped audio clips of the president’s previous public pronouncements. You post your creation on YouTube: a convincing snippet of mr trump declaring nuclear war against North Korea. In the current febrile climate, the incendiary video might well go viral before the White House can scramble a denial.
Shares in China plummeted to their lowest level in nearly nine months yesterday on a mixture of worries about weaker profits, the effects of the us economy on the rest of the world and an oversupply of new companies coming to the market.
Tim Geithner, America's beleaguered Treasury secretary, faces a critical test of his credibility when he unveils a much awaited plan to take toxic assets off bank balance sheets &ndash  in an announcement that could come as soon as tomorrow.
The 180 people in the two operations – formerly part of two of Britain’s most famous machine tool makers – are now part of the business empire of Chongqing Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, one of China’s biggest state-owned holding companies.
A new ranking of the world’s top office districts put the cost of opening an office in Japan’s main business district at €1,441 ($1,960, £1,265) per square metre per year. It replaces Hong Kong, where costs have fallen to €1,207 sq m per year, now less than London’s West End.
Here is the sort of thing I did when I was on worliday 10 days ago in north Cornwall. I would wake up, do a few e-mails and then go for a walk by the sea. Later, I might write an article sitting under a window with a view of a stream. After that, I’d go outside to light the coals to barbecue a sausage. Or rather, I’d look at the glowering sky and put the sausages under the grill instead.
The last criterion in the table, “FT research rank” is calculated according to research conducted by the financial times on the number of articles published by faculty members in 40 international academic and practitioner journals.
premier li Keqiang, in written answers to questions posed by the financial times and other European newspapers, sets out the official vision.
There have been similar calls in the US, after Citigroup and Bank of America disclosed big write-downs and large banks including State Street appeared not to have enough equity to ride out a big recession. It is now extremely hard for such institutions to raise common equity, which is what they need, on stock markets or by private placement.
The negative rate policies that are in place certainly have significant limits and it is not clear how much more can be done in the short term. However, policy could be made far more effective in the long run, once a host of institutional constraints are dealt with. The thorniest problem is avoiding a run into zero-interest cash if interest rates become too negative but even this is far from an insurmountable obstacle, given time.
“On one end, it’s low-risk cash management and on the other it can be more speculative with the aim of generating higher profits,” said Gabriel Wilson-Otto, bnp paribas Asset Management’s head of stewardship in the asia pacific region.
A sense of urgency has set in on a number of fronts. Internationally, China is squarely in the spotlight on the issue of global warming, as it is on track to take over from the US as the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases as early as this year.
A piece of advice that’s often given — particularly to those who are anxious about impressing their host — is to shun the classics and go for something a bit quirky instead: a Texan natural wine, a Chinese Riesling or something like that. This is a very high-risk strategy and not one I’d recommend unless you know your host really well (in which case you should actively compete to bring the weirdest wine possible — I’ve had some real fun doing this).
The new Bloomberg Barclays Liquid China Credit Index, which is designed to track the liquid, tradable portion of onshore renminbi-denominated credit bonds, was launched last week, just days after the full inclusion of chinese government and policy bank bonds into the Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index.
White House officials have urged mr trump not to tweet about the Russia probe because of possible legal complications, but he lashed out at Mr Mueller on Thursday.
president barack obama has moved to salvage his embattled healthcare reforms with an unusual show of contrition over its “fumbled” rollout and a concession to allow millions of Americans to keep insurance plans.
In the past three years, the region has generated almost a third of global growth – compared with a fifth of world output – and its international trade has expanded faster still. Growth in east asia last year, estimated by the asian development bank at 4.9 per cent, was the highest since the crisis. Although conditions are likely to soften this year, the ADB still expects a respectable 4.4 per cent.
China sought to set a positive tone on Tuesday ahead of a meeting with the US at the G20 summit this week by pledging to open its economy “even wider” to the outside world, “greatly improving” protection for intellectual property and proactively boosting its imports of overseas products.
The writer was premier of South Australia from 2002 to 2011
But while vast and growing reserves have been an issue for China for several years, in the past few months something new and highly destabilising has been added to the process. The source of reserve accumulation has become much more volatile and perhaps intensely procyclical (exaggerating the swings of the economic cycle).
chinese regulators are to designate more financial institutions as “systemically important” in their latest move to limit financial risk following a decade-long debt build-up.
This is one discovery Alex Soojung-Kim Pang made in his book Shorter: How Working Less Will Revolutionise the Way Your Company Gets Things Done. No matter what carrots you dangle, some employees like the bragging rights of long hours, and deem it a proxy for success. Or, he says, “they think that the work required to redesign their workdays doesn’t feel worth it to them”.
Prof David Greenaway, the University of Nottingham's vice-chancellor, says he wants to double student numbers at Ningbo. “I'm not sure we could replicate everything we have here in the UK, from theology to veterinary science,” he says, “but we will be adding natural and social sciences in the next year or two.
His replacement by Terry Semel, a former Warner Bros executive, in 2001 saw Yahoo take a disastrous turn as it focused on entertainment, according to Mr Weiner.
He advances three propositions. First, humanity’s overriding goals for the 21st century should be the elimination of mass poverty and risk of catastrophic climate change. Second, these goals are complementary. Third, the case for early action is overwhelming, both because greenhouse gases stay in the atmosphere for centuries and be­cause investments in energy, transport and urban infrastructure will lock in the carbon intensity of our economies.
He has since been detained by authorities and chinese regulators have clamped down on outbound dealmaking by Anbang and several other high-profile, privately owned conglomerates. Anbang declined to comment.
“That will help me understand how they deal with adversity,” he recently told the new york Times. “Are they upset, are they frustrated or are they understanding? Life is like that, and business is like that. It’s just another way to get a look inside their heart rather than their head.”
The Global Nutrition Report, a UN-backed audit published on Tuesday, laid bare the scale of the poor diets that make people in lower-income countries and disadvantaged groups within richer ones more susceptible to the virus.
Nokia, the world's largest mobile-phone maker, has lowered its profitability targets in spite of rising sales, highlighting the growing difference in its performance with that of rival Ericsson.
A deal on tourism and its expected positive impact on the hotel sector and consumer demand in certain regions of Taiwan has already been priced in by the property market and related stocks, most analysts say. But an agreement on flights could have more far-reaching consequences.
I sympathise with your plight, being a penny-pinching wine duffer myself. A friend once handed me a wine guide and suggested that I consult it before I next brought a bottle round.
shanghai stock market fell amid concerns about the market's ability to absorb an expected big supply of new stock in coming months, but comments by China's central bank helped send shares in Shanghai to seven-month lows
The main association of foreign journalists in China has called on the government to ease its controls on international media ahead of the 2008 Olympics, saying its members had been subject to frequent detention and occasional violence in recent years.
The dollar-denominated sale was made to qualified institutional investors in what is known as a 144A private placement. The offering, which was led by Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, deutsche bank and JPMorgan, comes as US borrowing costs remain low by historical standards, with the yield on the 10-year Treasury note at 2.34 per cent.
But when I turned on my television a few nights ago and saw Michael Jackson come back from the dead to perform on a las vegas stage, I began to appreciate the appeal of a 10-year government note paying about 2.5 per cent a year.
Chinese engineers are also relatively cheap compared with much of the rest of the world. And politically speaking, “window dressing” R&D centres no longer work for multinationals.
Sometimes change tiptoes up and surprises you. There could be no better illustration of America’s dramatic week than the White House lit up in rainbow colours as the confederate flag was lowered in the south. There was no starker moment than president barack obama urging the Christian doctrine of grace on the bible belt in the town where the first shot of the civil war was fired. Last week reality put the most far-fetched episode of West Wing into the shade — and there is probably more to come. Is mr obama finally ushering in the change he promised?
The banks' trading results deteriorated sharply from the first three months of the year, before uncertainty about the US economy, European sovereign debt and the fate of new financial industry regulation sapped investors' confidence.
To its critics, the YouTube deal confirmed Google's disregard for the rights of media owners. internet companies cannot be sued for posting content that infringes copyright, as long as they respond promptly to requests to remove it – though Viacom, which has sued YouTube, argues these protections do not apply.
As Wen Jiabao, China’s premier, stressed the “political and international dimensions” of a global energy business in which Asian demand was of growing importance, analysts said the abu dhabi decision could open the way for the arrival in the Gulf of more eastern multinationals.
Formal US China trade talks resumed in Beijing on Friday as officials warned a final trade agreement could “take months” to conclude.
Earlier proposals by Macquarie and Newbridge to buy the carrier's assets for as much as HK$6.30 a share were in effect vetoed by China Netcom, the Beijing-controlled telecoms group that is PCCW's second largest shareholder.
Beijing has now ordered coal companies to stop haggling over price and deliver the coal, which they are struggling to do via the country's snow-clogged transport system.
A succession of speeches, mass pledges of allegiance and tearfully delivered songs by army generals and leading members of the security forces have led news bulletins in recent weeks, driving home the message that Mr Xi, in addition to being China’s civilian leader, its supreme commander.
The upheavals wrought by the pandemic have inevitably defined the year since the former head of Accenture’s north american operations became the 500,000-person global consultancy’s first female chief executive. But even though Accenture has had a better crisis than many, with its stock outperforming as it found pockets of growth in the turbulence, she is impatient to move beyond it.
“If we look at your average medieval town or your average Greek polis, most are about the scale of those we find in this part of the Amazon – only the ones we find are much more complicated in terms of their planning,” said Mike Heckenberger of the University of Florida.
Last summer, for example, I began experiencing unusual muscle cramping in my hands and legs long after I finished a run, even the next day. Following the usual advice, I increased my water intake and ate bananas, which are full of potassium. That did not fix the problem. I then heard Jordan Metzl, a sports medicine specialist at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York, describe how he had nearly crashed during his first Ironman race. It was a hot day, Dr Metzl recalled, and he was saved by a bearded bystander who was handing out raw salt.
Big price increases were noticeable in Cancún, buenos aires and Cairo, all rising 28 per cent year-on-year. Cancún, appealing as a winter holiday destination to both Americans and Europeans, is the fourth most expensive global city.
The annual session of the National People’s Congress comes as Beijing faces questions over its stewardship of the economy, amid slowing growth and rising debt burdens, and after a series of stock market crashes roiled global markets.
China’s environment agency is implementing a broad new strategy to monitor air pollutants, focusing on gathering better emissions data as well as using more advanced pollution monitoring and filtering technology.
But fundamental principles, no. Instead, we have the increasingly frequent pageant of Budget day, in which the chancellor of the exchequer juggles statistics and pulls rabbits out of hats, while the media scrabble to explain who wins and loses from the performance.
“The network is booming right now,” said Dan Nye, LinkedIn's chief executive, with a new member joining every second, bringing it to a total of 30m.
Other companies go even further. Bosch, Siemens and ThyssenKrupp - three of Germany's largest industrial groups - all work with kindergartens to try to get children interested in science from as early an age as possible. Siemens provides kindergartens with a "discovery box" containing experiments for three- to six-year-olds ranging from electricity, the environment and water. One example sees the children constructing a basic electric circuit with batteries, lights and wires. "We want to get them to learn things in a playful not a pedagogic way and they can learn so much more at that age than they can later," says the Maria Schumm-Tschauder, the project's co-ordinator.brIt is not just about raising interest among children. Thomas Kaeser, chief executive of Kaeser Kompressoren, a leading provider of compressed air, says it is important to invite teachers from schools and universities into companies to see how a factory operates. "They are normally totally shocked at how different it is from their preconceptions," he says.
taiwan government officials said Beijing now intended to lower its status further by calling it “China, Taipei”.
If you bought banking stocks at last week's lows you could already have made between 5 and 8 per cent, according to TD Waterhouse.
Li & Fung has languished in the market doldrums for a while. Its shares peaked in 2011, since then falling 60 per cent. In valuation terms, it has been sliding since 2007, when it traded at more than 30 times expected earnings. Now it trades on 18 times 2013 forecast profits and its shares are off a fifth this year. But most of the fall followed a profits warning in January. Shares have steadied, implying that the floor of the valley may have been reached.
But China is a nation on the cusp of change, where it seems nothing is impossible. Regulators were persuaded that the mesh-like structure would be able to keep inhabitants safe even if hit by an earthquake only likely to occur once in 2,500 years. The CCTV tower was approved and will be externally finished in time for the beijing olympics next August, and ready for full use by its owners some time in 2009. A paired sloping-sided entertainment centre and hotel on the same 20-hectare site is to be finished next spring.
Under other circumstances, this would have been a year to savour in the long, rapid ascent of Lloyd Blankfein. Goldman Sachs, the investment bank he has led for three years, not only navigated the 2008 global financial crisis better than others on wall street but is set to make record profits, and pay up to $23bn (&euro 16bn, &pound 14bn) in bonuses to its 31,700 staff.
China’s ministry of commerce welcomed the ruling. “China urges the EU to respect the WTO ruling and quickly end the practices.”
Chinese coffee chain Luckin Coffee has raised $200m in its latest funding round, bringing its valuation to $2.2bn  as the fast-growing company  challenges the dominance of Starbucks in China.
Soyabean futures rose above $15 for the first time in almost four years, while corn rose 4 per cent to a two-week high. Both soyabean and corn are an important part of the global food chain providing animal feed for cows, sheep, pigs and poultry consumed all over the world.
As crude oil pushed through $135 a barrel for the first time, Taiwan, Malaysia and Indonesia announced plans for urgent action to free prices or cut subsidy costs. China denied market rumours of an imminent increase in retail prices, but is widely believed to be preparing to relax price controls.
The groups are profiting from an increased demand for cheap goods and finding ways to cash in on eu member states’ attempts to boost tax revenues, he told the Financial Times. In particular, a new breed of cyber criminals in Russia, Ukraine and across eastern europe are carrying out increasingly sophisticated online attacks on financial services groups.
Not all firms offer the same things. A few firms, such as KKR, invest in big companies and operate on a global basis. At the other end of the scale, there are many that are highly skilled at start-ups and growing small enterprises. Then there are those that invest in just one country or region or in one or two sectors of the economy such as technology or infrastructure.
Mr Bissell notes that Fabindia, founded in 1960, has an inventory of 200,000 items to cater to consumer tastes that vary dramatically across regions. “Any retailer will say that is crazy,” says Mr Bissell. To manage its enormous inventory, Fabindia has installed an IT system to track the flow of goods at nearly 100 stores in India.
donald trump promised the biggest “tax revolution” since ronald reagan yes­terday, pledging to cut taxes across the board and sharply reduce the load on business to stem the tide of US com­panies moving headquarters overseas.
The US has offered a $5m bounty and filed new charges against a Chinese businessman it has accused of trying to sell ballistic missile technology to Iran, allegedly using shell companies to hide millions of dollars in transactions.
The North Korean dictator's access to premium overseas smokes – and his regime's access to hard cash – should have been further limited by British American Tobacco's decision last year to stop supplying its State Express 555 cigarettes to the country.
fund managers have often been criticised for charging high and murky fees. The incentive structure in their pay deals can be geared towards short-termism. But the maximum 1:1 cap that MEPs want to enforce is not the answer. It will simply lead the industry to circumvent the rules by offering higher fixed salaries, as is already happening with banks. Bonuses are a good way to link pay to performance in highly cyclical industries: lawmakers should ensure that they are awarded on the basis of transparent principles, rather than limiting their size.
Stuart Gulliver, the group’s investment banking head and the favourite to succeed Michael Geoghegan as chief executive, said yesterday he was “genuinely concerned” that the commission would recommend that universal banks, such as HSBC, should split their high street banking from their riskier investment banking activities.
Then I think, “Wait a minute, bootrooms are important to me – only I'm not sure why.” Soon I remember. Of course! There's one in my new novel, or at least an imaginary one, because the heroine fantasises about a bootroom in the nursery school she is setting up and it has wallpaper: I check the reference – crisp salady ferns against the mintiest blue. Next I wonder if the woman in my book would be in receipt of the Oka catalogue and whether any of its bootroomia could find its way into my book?
The trigger was the recognition that plans to promote growth after decolonisation had failed. The continued poverty of many countries could not be fully explained by a shortage of capital or the legacy of foreign exploitation. Economic historians emphasised that the industrial revolution was the product not just of technological change and related investment in plant and machinery  it had also required the contemporaneous evolution of political and economic institutions.
But shares in the Australian carrier fell just 3 per cent, less than many analysts had tipped, after the Macquarie-led Airline Partners Australia consortium said it was considering a further bid. The shares closed down 16 cents at A$5.22, against the A$5.45 offered by the consortium
For a country whose press freedom ranks alongside the likes of Libya, Belarus and Iraq, Singapore is enjoying a surprisingly vibrant media debate ahead of the city-state’s general election tomorrow — aided by the growing reach of social media.
The growing wave of chinese companies looking to delist from us stock markets is rattling insurers that have sold them millions of dollars worth of cover for defence costs in the event of shareholder lawsuits.
Perhaps. More likely, by institutionalising the concept of &ldquo too big to fail&rdquo , the scheme would aggravate the underlying problem of moral hazard. It would also transform state funding of the banking system from an exceptional response to a dire emergency into an expectation, even an entitlement.
The Chinese owner of Volvo Cars is to become the biggest shareholder of truckmaker Volvo Group, in a potentially historic realignment between the two Swedish automotive businesses.
Both countries are likely to maintain their policy biases in coming months, the US cutting rates, and China lifting them, a trend that will intensify the pressure on Beijing's currency policies.
Such concerns are important. But from a policy perspective, the defaults are to be welcomed. They show that Beijing is seeking to impose a measure of financial discipline after a record debt splurge in the first two quarters. Such discipline is sorely needed: total debt to GDP was approaching 335 per cent at the end of June, up from 302 per cent at the end of last year, according to the Institute of International Finance.
We all know that the line between work and personal time has become blurred. But how do you cope with a boss or organisation that makes constant demands on time that is clearly yours?
“These will have pride of place in their offices and will inspire them for years to come,” says Simon Littlewood, the Oxford-educated accountant who is London Asia's chief executive.
THE OLD ADAGE, “KEEP politics out of sport” is rarely heard these days – tacit acknowledgement that the two are inextricable. Things have quietened down since the fall of the berlin wall nearly two decades ago, but memories of successive Olympic boycotts – by the US of Moscow in 1980 and the soviet union of los angeles four years later – remain strong.
Sterling later pulled back to $1.9490, down 0.2 per cent on the session. But some economists are forecasting further falls in the greenback.
Both she and the organisation she heads, the International Institute of Green Finance, often act as unofficial ambassadors to explain to international investors how and why China’s standards differ from those set by groups such as Climate Bonds Initiative (CBI), a UK-based markets watchdog.
The retreat is a tacit admission by president donald Trump’s administration that us companies are losing out by not being able to sit at the table with Huawei, plus industry associations and international bodies, after Washington added the company to the commerce department’s banned “entity list” last year.
Noble Group, the trader under scrutiny for alleged aggressive accounting tactics, has moved to reassure investors by pledging increased disclosure in its first-quarter results and giving details on commodity-backed financing.
China has rejected Taiwan’s application to join its new asian infrastructure investment bank as a founding member, while signalling that the door is still open for the self-ruled island to join under a different name.
members to implement their promised measures to protect the euro, as the
The surge has come even as Chinese economic indicators worsen. China’s exports slumped 15 per cent in March, raising the prospect of disappointing first-quarter economic growth.
In 2005, the chinese company launched an unsuccessful bid for a stake in Pakistan Telecommunication (PTCL).
Igor Shuvalov, economic adviser to president vladimir Putin, told the financial times that Russian authorities had agreed to cap the use of gas for domestic electricity generation, despite huge planned investment in power to meet surging demand. That would ensure sufficient gas for exports.
China has come under increasing pressure to back international efforts to force Sudan – mr hu is expected in Khartoum on Friday – to accept united nations peacekeepers into the country to halt mass killings in the western Darfur region.
For example, in one case the seller of credit protection recently discovered that the final agreement on insuring a portfolio of collateralised debt obligations had never been signed, either by it or a French bank which in this case was buying protection. Now, with the meltdown in that market, the seller has returned all the premium payments to the buyer and torn up the agreement, saying that because it was never signed, it has no legal obligation to pay up
The estimated size of the capital raising, of a company launched just six years ago, highlights the dramatic surge in the mainland's equity markets since the life and general insurer first signalled its intention to list two years ago. People close to the situation were last year anticipating that a sole hong kong listing would raise about $1bn.
The financial times occupies an audaciously undistinguished building on the fringes of the City, in which the carpet tiles are coffee-stained, functional desks are arranged in lines and mice roam freely.
But once these are filed, the Fed would have the right to interview the company's non-executive directors to hear their reasons and rationales for their risk assessments. At its discretion, the Fed could share those transcripts with appropriate regulators and management to facilitate directorial due diligence. The Fed should have the option to post or publish transcripts of these “fiduciary risk reviews” to give investors insight into how conversant their boardrooms were with risk. This scrutiny option would force managements and boards to engage constructively around risk as a core strategic and operational challenge. Tomorrow's fiduciaries should not just oversee risk, they must actively help define it. Traditional risk management practices have been made obsolete by events. Greater diversity in methodology is required.
The once unthinkable phenomenon of Chinese nationals, such as Mr Lin, joining foreign corporations has come about through China's assimilation into the world economy. According to the united nations Conference on Trade and Development between 2000 and the end of 2007 chinese foreign direct investment in other countries grew by 245 per cent. The domestic economy may have faltered since that date but the push to internationalise will continue and may even accelerate as Chinese firms use their accumulated foreign exchange earnings to make acquisitions, at bargain prices, in devalued world markets.
chinese official resentment towards Apple’s popular products is hardly surprising in this context. There is a new and uncharacteristic urgency in China’s reaction to US attacks on its tech sector.
The rate cuts came as the international monetary fund published an emergency update of its economic forecasts, predicting the rich world's economies would shrink by 0.3 per cent next year, the first contraction since the second world war. Last month it projected 0.5 per cent growth for 2009.
To be fair, the prevailing view is that the uncertainty, volatility, weaker economic growth and global flight from risk emanating from the UK’s vote in favour of leaving the EU is bad news for emerging markets.
Thomas Piketty’s new book, Capital and Ideology, appears in English translation next March. But I got a sneak preview by walking into my local Parisian bookshop and handing over €25 for the French edition. My conclusion: the 1,200-page tome might become even more politically influential than the French economist’s 2013 overview of inequality, Capital in the Twenty-First Century.
In some countries, the challenge is an excess of young people  in others, it is that the young are too few. But where the young outnumber the old, they can hope to secure a better fate through the ballot box. Where the old outnumber the young, they can use the ballot box to their advantage, instead. In both cases, powerful destabilising forces are at work, bringing opportunity to some and disappointment to others.
Beijing’s bet on the lottery – a state-run exception to China’s ban on gambling – appears to be paying off handsomely with the recently concluded world cup driving sports lottery ticket sales up 83 per cent year-on-year last month.
“I did a simple search for minister Sheng and was astonished to find him wearing many more watches,” mr wu told the Financial Times.
When the development of south africa is discussed, the state of the country’s education system often dominates the conversation.
Tell-tale white and blue self-driving cars belonging to Baidu, China’s largest search engine, have been spotted on public roads in northern Beijing, in what appear to be the first public road tests of fully autonomous cars in China.
A simple summary of behavioural economics – I’ve borrowed this one from The Guardian – is that it is the study of “how people actually make decisions rather than how the classic economic models say they make them”. But this approach is now under attack, from Gerd Gigerenzer, a psychologist, and Nathan Berg, an economist, and they argue that behavioural economics is not nearly as realistic as its boosters claim. While it does study what decisions we make, the very last thing it does is study how we make them – and as a result it is even more wedded to silly accounts of the way human beings think than its neoclassical rival.
DeepMind, the British artificial intelligence company, shares its offices in London with its parent company Google. But Google employees cannot enter DeepMind’s area with their security passes, they are treated as any other outside visitor.
While some western politicians worried about the transparency and strategic and political intentions of CIC, Safe was building offshore equity positions that now exceed the $90bn (&#8364 65bn, &pound 51bn) total that CIC has to spend abroad, according to estimates by people in Beijing familiar with Safe's operations.
Traders often compare speculation with a balloon  squeeze one part and the air just bulges out elsewhere. The analogy is proving increasingly popular in hong kong and other offshore renminbi centres as investors face the effects of China’s efforts to suppress renminbi speculation.
When the Aluminium Corporation of China acquired a 9 per cent stake in Rio Tinto last month, the Chinese state-owned company pulled off a number of firsts. Not only was it the biggest ever overseas investment by a Chinese group, it was also the largest ever dawn raid on the london stock market.
artificial intelligence is having a breakout moment (again).
In late May or early June his company, Nanjing Automobile Corporation (NAC), is due to restart production of the iconic MG TF sports car at MG Rover's former factory in Longbridge near Birmingham.
“Advances in the technology of telecommunications have proved an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere,” mr murdoch said then – the same year he purchased a majority stake in Star TV in Hong Kong.
Macao has been in the news because of the extraordinary saga of Stanley Ho, the 89-year-old billionaire who made his fortune from a 40-year gambling monopoly granted by Macao’s Portuguese colonisers. mr ho is in the midst of an unseemly tussle for his estimated $3.1bn fortune. Competing factions from at least 16 children mr ho has fathered with four “wives” are battling for a share of his wealth with all the venom one normally expects after a patriarch’s funeral. mr ho is condemned to watch the spectacle while he is still alive. It’s enough to give polygamy a bad name. But the fun and games surrounding Mr Ho’s charming family are but a sideshow to the goings-on in Macao itself. The Portuguese established Macao as a trading post in 1557, some 300 years before hong kong became a British colony. Hong Kong’s rise as a financial centre left Macao to specialise in vice: gambling, prostitution and loan-sharking. In the run-up to the 1999 handover to China, Macao remained a seedy place, with street shoot-outs between triad gangs a regular spectacle. Beijing took a strategic decision to clean up Macao. It would also develop it into Asia’s premier gambling destination. Just as hong kong is China’s banking centre, so Macao would become its baccarat hub. Both special administrative regions would show Taiwan it was possible to be part of China and free to do one’s own thing. Almost instantly, Macao’s violence ended. So, too, in 2002 did Mr Ho’s monopoly. Two of the new licences went to the kings of Nevada, Sheldon Adelson and Steve Wynn. When, in 2004, Mr Adelson opened the Sands Macao, there was a stampede to get in. The casino, the first to cater to mass-market Chinese gamblers, paid for itself in eight months. Mr Adelson later added the 3,000-room Venetian Macao hotel and convention centre, the world’s largest casino and one of the few places where you can take an indoor gondola ride. Mr Wynn added a higher-end, more discreet casino that proved equally popular. Macao derives four-fifths of its revenue from gambling (compared with less than half in Las Vegas), the bulk of it from high-rollers. Officially, chinese citizens are allowed to exchange about $50,000 a year into hard currency. But many high-rollers spend much more than that. They can do so thanks to the so-called junket operators who provide gamblers’ hard-currency stake in return for renminbi-denominated collateral. If the gambler wins, he keeps his hard-currency earnings. If he loses, he pays back in renminbi. Because such loans are not exactly official, and unenforceable in China’s court system, they are collected the old-fashioned way. Analysts covering Macao insist that the bulk of money wagered – estimated by CLSA at $750bn last year – is legitimate gambling. But the opportunity for money laundering is also obvious. Of the debts settled by junket operators, CLSA writes reassuringly: “Note that the numbers of reported assaults or deaths associated with debt collection are surprisingly low.” Beijing may well be hoping that foreign operators can further nudge Macao in the direction of convention business and mass-market gambling. That would make it far less dependent on the volatile, and potentially shady, world of the high-rollers. In the meantime, the former Portuguese colony is riding wave upon wave of money. Last year, its cash-flush government made a “wealth-sharing handout” of $750 to every Macanese. So long as its monopoly lasts, the exact source of gambling revenue may not matter too much. The dice are loaded in Macao’s favour.
Pinduoduo said it had spent five years creating demand among chinese consumers for fruit and vegetables bought directly from farmers, short-circuiting traditional markets and supermarkets.
“This is a 100-year flood of voters that we were seeing,” Nate Persily, a professor at Stanford Law School and former senior research director for the Presidential Commission on Election Administration, told NBC News on Sunday. He predicted up to 160m Americans would vote in the election, compared to 136.5m in 2016.
Top of the league is Lakshmi Mittal and family, the Indian steel dynasty, with a &pound 27.7bn fortune. Other rich Asians on the list include the brothers Gopi and Sri Hinduja, whose wealth from their family industrial and financial empire is estimated to be &pound 6.2bn. Anil Agarwal, founder and chairman of the mining group Vedanta Resources, is estimated to be worth &pound 2.45bn, while Lord Swraj Paul, founder of the London-based Caparo industry group that has invested heavily in India, is judged to be worth &pound 1.5bn.
China’s third rate cut in six months as it seeks to suport the slowing economy is set to dominate trading in asian markets today.
Enrolling on an MBA programme, particularly at an elite school, is for some the equivalent of taking an elevator to the executive suite. While the majority of Fortune 500 company chief executives do not hold MBAs, a significant 35 per cent do.
The leaders of the EU’s two largest economies said they had “firmly decided to take all efforts to reach an ambitious, comprehensive and binding” global climate deal at a UN meeting of almost 200 countries in Paris in December.
Thailand's central bank is expected today to try to curb inflation, running at 8.9 per cent, by raising interest rates by as much as half a point. Tomorrow the Philippine central bank, confronting inflation of 11.4 per cent, a 14-year high, is likely to follow suit.
Research by economist Ed Glaeser and his colleagues suggested that people who are “trusting” according to the surveys do not actually trust others in simple laboratory experiments. They are, however, more trustworthy. Another popular measure of social capital is the turnout at elections, but it’s not at all obvious that voting and social capital are the same thing. It would be much better to measure an activity that cannot happen without social capital.
First, global economic output is forecast to rise by 115 per cent by 2035. Asian emerging economies — principally China and India — are expected to generate more than 60 per cent of that increase.
Goldman Sachs has applied to take majority control of a securities joint venture in China in a move that will bring the us investment bank closer to its goal of sole ownership of the company.
While China insists its rapid development of the People's liberation army is defensive in nature, its emergence as a military power has prompted concern among some of its neighbours.
"It is more realistic to depend on China than the US. Even a stupid prime minister could understand that much," he says, employing his legendary bluntness. "China has a long border with north korea and if China stopped sending oil and food, it would have a devastating impact."
China is no stranger to industrial accidents, but the chemicals spill in a river in north-east China at the end of last year brought home some uncomfortable truths for both the government and the industry.
Newcastle's love affair with coal is almost as old as British settlement of Australia. The colony's first commercial export cargo was a shipment of 50 tonnes of coal to Bengal in 1799. But Mr Webb argues the port needs to look beyond its longstanding coal customers.
Metals, energy, and food account for 80 per cent of Russian exports. The growth of the economy in the Putin years was largely driven by the devaluation of the rouble in 1998-99 and the increase in the prices of these products: between 2000 and 2007 real prices of metals went up by 275 per cent, of energy by 210 per cent, and of food by 160 per cent. However, it is now clear that the commodity boom peaked in June-July 2008 and is in sharp reverse. Since July, the commodity price index has dropped by more than 20 per cent.
China Tower controls more than 1.8m mobile towers, or about 97 per cent of the network that supports China’s mobile communications. The second-largest company in the market has just 17,260 towers, according to China Tower’s listing application.
Or as the financier george soros put it, when asked by the Jerusalem Post why he had given Mr Elsztain $10m to invest in 1990 when the Argentine entrepreneur was barely 30: “He knows when to sell and when to buy.” (Mr Elsztain grew the value of Mr Soros’s cheque several times over).
ABN branches concentrate on capital-protection products and do not extend to consumer credit. The small downside for the group is that the business is conducted in US dollars, as it lacks a licence to offer products in local currency.
Michael Hartnett, chief emerging markets strategist at Merrill Lynch, cites an augury of tougher times.
north korea has told its merchant seamen not to venture into several sectors of the Yellow Sea for the next two months, raising fears of missile tests and potential naval conflict near the disputed maritime border, south korean officials said yesterday.
Who Sotheby’s International Realty, sothebysrealty.co.uk, tel: +44 1932 860 537
“At the time of the Olympics, I will be in the presidency of the European Union, so I have to sound out and consult my fellow members to see whether or not we should boycott,” he said.
The first sign that all may be not well can be detected in the sharp escalation in the effective mortgage rate in hong kong over the past 2 months. hong kong banks are drastically widening their lending spreads (by as much as 130bp) even as base rates in US (and therefore Hong Kong) remain close to zero.
Dubai's government will not guarantee the debts of Dubai World, the state-owned holding company struggling under the weight of $59bn in liabilities, arguing that lenders were mistaken to think that there was sovereign backing.
One way in which Beijing is likely to react might well rile its trading partners. Yi Gang, deputy governor of the People's Bank of China, told bankers at the international monetary fund meetings in Washington last week that Beijing was likely to slow the appreciation of the renminbi if the economy got less of a boost from the current account surplus.
Now the Chinese may not come at all, or arrive in smaller numbers. Few countries, let alone emerging global powers, like to negotiate under duress.
Facebook, which bought WhatsApp for $19bn in February, is down 13 per cent over that time and Korea’s Naver, owner of Line, the third biggest messaging service, is off 8 per cent.
What A six-bedroom, Grade II-listed house with wooden beams and oak panelling throughout. The property covers about 9.5 acres and the grounds include a kitchen garden, orchard, pool and paddock.
Bankers say that, even as assets under management are growing fast in Singapore – narrowing the gap with Switzerland – that is not translating into profits for many banks that have rushed to Singapore to tap growing wealth in southeast Asia.
Philippe Maystadt, the EIB's president, said banks like his were operating in competition with chinese lenders anxious to extend Beijing's influence across the world.
“Consumer confidence is going to have to be restored so that purchasers believe again in the value of homes,” said Stuart Miller, chief executive of Miami-based Lennabr/b, the second-largest US builder.
Other parents think it is. The economists David Deming and Susan Dynarski have found that the percentage of six-year-olds not yet registered at school has quadrupled in the US over the past 40 years, largely because parents are holding back their children.
True, when speculators make mistakes, that is destabilising. But in the case of oil prices, it's hard to see that speculators are playing much of a role. For one thing, inventories don't seem to be rising  if the inventory data is correct, consumers were burning all that $145 oil.
One parallel provoking much discussion, for example, is the collapse of the internet bubble at the start of this decade. That seems similar to this year's events because the crash came after a bout of equity market exuberance that anticipated recent conditions in credit markets. Most notably, in the late 1990s, debt levels were rising in the system as equity investors threw caution to the winds amid a widespread belief that innovation had changed the investment rules. (Most notably, in 1999, the rise of the internet was perceived to have altered the business cycle.)
Six months after a national lockdown was imposed to curb the coronavirus pandemic, the UK is again at what a senior English medical officer calls a “tipping point”. A second wave of infection threatens to run out of control. It is a measure of the deterioration that chancellor Rishi Sunak was forced to announce new job support measures on Friday, only two weeks after a previous package. Tighter virus restrictions set to be announced by prime minister boris johnson on Monday, particularly in northern England and the Midlands, are unavoidable. It is an indictment of his government, however, that half a year after the first shutdown, crucial parts of its antivirus approach are still malfunctioning.
But all was not well in Macao. The government was worried about “revenue sharing” or “franchise” agreements, under which outside parties piggy-backed off the licences of established players. Mr Ho's gaming flagship, Sociedade de Jogos de Macau, had pioneered these arrangements, running casinos for partners who bore most of the properties' investment risk.
Answering these questions is especially urgent in  developing countries. We are already seeing signs that digital technology is closing off some of the old routes to economic development. In a digitised world, it will be harder to rely, as many east asian countries did, on unskilled labour and export manufacturing for economic growth. What happens to garment industries when T-shirts can be 3D-printed rather than shipped 10,000 miles?
This means an expansion in programmes and students. First for Prof Estrin is to increase the number of students in masters degrees in management, intended for students with little or no work experience. Second is a joint masters degree in management and economics, which will probably be launched in 2008. Other joint degrees will follow.
The company pleaded guilty to 14 criminal charges brought by the Department of Justice, 11 of which were counts of manslaughter. As part of the $4bn settlement relating to those charges, BP is paying a fine of $1.256bn, the largest financial penalty ever imposed by US authorities. It is also paying a further $525m for civil fraud charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the financial regulator.
Korean estimates of the time China will take to close the technological gap range from four years to 10 years. Industry players know they must not be complacent.
China Paradise, the fifth largest player in China’s rapidly consolidating retail electronics sector,strongb /b/strongwas there for the taking. Its Hong Kong-listed shares fell about 40 per cent in April and May alone, and China’s fourth largest electronics retailer – Jiangsu Five Star Appliances – had just been snapped up by Best Buy of the US. It seemed only a matter of time before another opportunistic foreign investor made its move on China Paradise.
Like so much else in modern China, the country's stock market does not do anything in half measures. For the first part of this decade, the market was stuck in a prolonged slump in spite of the rapid growth in the economy. From 2001 to the third quarter of 2005, the shanghai composite index halved in value. After the government took steps to try to shake up the equity market, share prices rebounded sharply last year. With a 130 per cent rise in the index, the mainland went from being one of the worst-performing markets to being almost the best. Now the market has gone into reverse again. After a senior lawmaker told the financial times that he thought it was becoming a “bubble”, the Shanghai index dropped 15 per cent in a few days – although it has recovered a little.
International banking regulators are preparing to strip down their recommendations on how to ensure the industry's financial strength, following months of wrangling.
In that respect, China is a classic “low trust” society, with a thin layer of widely trusted intermediary institutions and an only recently acquired reliance on property title and contracts. In such a social setting, says Ms Pan, “chance can play a very big part in your life”.
The money manager, who is accused of perpetrating a $50bn “Ponzi” scheme, sent the items in an apparent violation of a court order and should be jailed pending trial, US prosecutors claimed in a court document made public yesterday.
Last week I did the most unexpectedly uplifting thing I’d done in ages. I was in need of cheering as I’d just sat through a documentary in which the brilliant, bulimic Amy Winehouse drinks herself to death — but never did I think I’d find such solace in a video clip showing the head of Accenture
“We’re seeing a lot of customer interest in some men’s styles,” says Stacey Smith, menswear buyer for online retailer Matches. “Christian Louboutin and Pierre Hardy have waiting lists long before the product hits stores.”
China's national tourism administration announced on the 8 Jan that the number of overseas visitors fell 2 per cent last year from 2007 to 130m, reflecting security measures surrounding the olympic games and the global financial crisis. Spending by foreign visitors fell by 5 per cent.
mr cameron said he would resign because Britain needed “fresh leadership” to take it in the new direction chosen by voters. He will stay in office for the next few months “to steady the ship”, with the conservative party leader choosing his successor by October.
Eurozone quantitative easing was launched to save the single currency bloc. But it may end up making it easier to break the eurozone apart.
The Great Hall of the People, however, has been abuzz with talk among Chinese lawmakers about the controversial capital controls. Some criticise the measures as a step backwards for the country’s financial reforms  others praise them as necessary to slow the renminbi’s fall against the dollar and halt the drain on China’s foreign exchange reserves.
Since the main driver of the boom has been China, the answer to the question is highly dependent on the continuing pace of economic growth in the world's most populous country.
The central fallacy of the New Economy bubble was that most of the benefits of new technologies would go to pioneering companies. But the repeated experience of economic history is that competition ensures that the larger part of the benefits of these technologies accrue to users. In an admittedly speculative calculation, the American economist Bill Nordhaus has suggested that consumers get more than 97 per cent of the value of innovations.
But the government's response is complicated by the political calendar, with the lead-up to the five-yearly communist congress in late October raising the stakes in any policy clash.
The rise in spot iron ore prices is significant for the global economy as it filters quickly into steel costs and then into products such as cars or washing machines.
There is a second idea that is likely to become the victim of the financial crisis. This is the idea found in macroeconomic models, that individuals are supremely well-informed creatures. In these models that are now being used in central banks and universities, individuals understand the most complex intricacies of the world in which they live and they have no disagreement about this. All these individuals understand the same “truth”.
US and German sovereign bonds on Monday recorded their sharpest rises in yield in three weeks as investors shifted into riskier assets. The 10-year Treasury yield climbed 0.07 percentage points to 1.847 per cent, with the equivalent Bund yield up by the same margin to minus 0.289 per cent.
US efforts to contest maritime claims by Beijing in the south china sea remain unchanged under the administration of Donald Trump, according to a senior us naval officer.
Analysts said while they expected the new rate to move closer to market-driven pricing they also foresaw continued influence from the People’s Bank of China.
Bombardier, Germany’s Siemens and France’s Alstom（注：a href="http://www.cn.alstom.com/home/index.ZH.php?languageId=ZH&dir=/home/" target= blankhttp://www.cn.alstom.com/home/index.ZH.php?languageId=ZH&dir=/home//a ） have signed numerous contracts in recent years to supply locomotives, railcars and signalling equipment to China.
The August turbulence was triggered initially by a renewed collapse in commodity prices. For the most part, this was due to excessive supply in key energy and metals markets, and the sell-off only became extreme when there were panic sales of inventories, and a final unwinding of “commodity carry” trades. This inverse bubble was a commodity market event, not a reflection of weak global economic activity. In fact, taken in isolation, it would probably have been beneficial for world growth, albeit with very uncertain time lags.
Leading vice-chancellors have warned that immigration restrictions on foreign students could derail the UK universities sector at a time when it is “just at the start of what could be a significant international higher education boom”.
But he pledges that GE will not borrow from the swashbuckling management style and financial engineering championed by the buyout funds, focusing instead on its traditional expertise in improving businesses' operations.
“This creates real dangers with unpredictable surprises for us . . . I consider it expedient to announce a moratorium on Russian fulfilment of this treaty until all countries of Nato, without exception, ratify this treaty,” he said.
The setback comes as sluggish telecoms infrastructure spending and handset price wars combine with roadblocks in western markets.
At the end of 2006, as the reputational battle continued and the Wal-Mart share price continued to languish, there was speculation on wall street that Mr Scott might be on his way out. But he has continued to enjoy the backing of the company's board and of the Walton family, which still controls about 40 per cent of its shares. Rob Walton, Sam's eldest son, is chairman of the board and has played an important role in encouraging the company's sustainability drive.
Caterpillar said it was increasing capacity by opening a new “tractor campus” at Wuxi in Jiangsu province, rather than shifting production from other locations. The province is the focus of the group's efforts to double revenues in China by 2010 from about $1bn last year. It already has a joint venture in guangdong province to make larger engines for the marine market, as well as excavators, pavers and related components. “We are adding capacity to meet increased global demand,” Caterpillar said.
Beijing’s Ministry of foreign affairs has previously declared its opposition to us sanctions on Chinese companies. Last weekend, China’s Ministry of Commerce announced broad powers to curb the operations of foreign companies deemed “unreliable”, such as companies that “boycott or cut off supplies” to Chinese companies.
“Within our mandate, the ECB is ready to do whatever it takes to preserve the euro,” mr draghi said, pausing for effect. “And believe me, it will be enough.”
Testing the idea took three steps. First, economists at the national bureau of Economic Research, in the US, broke down each country's exports into 775 distinct products. Next, Hausmann and Klinger used that data to measure how similar each product is to each other product. If every major apple exporter also exports pears, and every major pear exporter also exports apples, then the data are demonstrating apples and pears to be similar. Presumably, both economies would have fertile soil, agronomists, refrigerated packing plants and ports.
It has become something of a routine for the Chinese economy: a sluggish start to the year fuels market concerns before more supportive policies from Beijing put growth back on track by the year’s end.
Lloyds Banking Groupis examining whether to ditch the concept of annual bonuses for senior staff and extend the timeframe of longer-term incentives to up to 10 years, according to people briefed on a project to overhaul remuneration.
trade surpluses in China and among oil producing nations are ploughed back into us assets to prevent the currencies from rising  the system, much to many economists' surprise, has proved enduring and comfortable. The flow of savings to the US fosters low worldwide real interest rates and high US consumption.
The new york times said mr trump approved attacks on targets such as radar and missile installations and that US aircraft were en route when a decision was taken to abort the mission. The washington post and ABC News also reported the developments.
To appreciate the new prioritising of financial risk, consider that by 2017, financial assets and liabilities had grown fourfold over a decade to more than 420tn renminbi ($66tn), or from 310 to more than 510 per cent of gross domestic product, which had, itself, risen 2.5 times. Rapid credit expansion was driven by public policy and weak regulation, which spawned widespread interest rate and regulatory arbitrage, the eruption of risky asset management products, a surge in non-traditional lending and wholesale deposit-taking by shadow banks, and extensive internet-enabled finance and lending.
“The pension business is a great opportunity for companies like us,” says Don Shepard, chairman of Aegon.
After prolonged deliberation, the Australian government in August approved the Chinalco-led holding in a ruling that permitted the chinese company to acquire up to 14.9 per cent of Rio.
global companies are deploying a new tool to reinforce their brands with students, build links with universities and management schools, find talent and deliver management education.
stock markets are right to have little faith in recovery. share prices of mainland steelmakers Baoshan and Angang have barely risen off their five-year lows. Other regional leaders such as Nippon Steel and South Korea’s Posco also wallow near their nadirs. Inventories will take time to shift. But if China, the region’s economic engine, had truly shifted gears then perhaps there would be more movement in cyclical stocks. Recovery is not yet priced in.
Nord Stream will initially supply up to 27.5bn cubic metres of gas to Germany, France, the UK, the Netherlands and Denmark, allowing Russia to reduce dependence on Ukrainian pipelines that carry more than two-thirds of its gas exports to the continent. Completion of a second, parallel pipeline will double capacity by 2013.
Sub-Saharan Africa grew at 1.5 per cent in 2016, its slowest in two decades, while south africa slipped into recession this year. “The economy got worse, so we came back,” says Mr Wen, 33, who ran a supermarket near Johannesburg for five years.
The supply of such fools has, if only temporarily, dried up. In the short run, securitised debt is likely to contract, as existing debt is paid down or written off. In the longer term, intermediaries will have to find a way to make their products more transparent to the buyers. Unfortunately, the ratings agencies, which once served this purpose, have lost their credibility.
With China in the midst of its New Year celebrations this week, Medley Global Advisors, a macro research service owned by the FT, has taken advantage of quiet markets to address some of the more structural issues facing the country in 2017.
At present, the owners of Chinese jets and those flying in from overseas have to rely on domestic airlines for flight support and repair. As private jet use is gaining popularity, demand for these services is also rising.
“We will refrain from competitive devaluation. We will not target our exchange rates for competitive purposes,” the G20 finance ministers said in a statement that echoed a similar call last week from the G7.
He says in 2008 alone Air Liquide wants to recruit 500-1,000 people in China. “It is a paradox that at a time when many people are talking about a recession we are desperate to take on new employees.”
A merger of Kirin and privately-owned Suntory would not only make the combined group the largest brewer in Japan, but would also create a global food and beverage giant with revenues exceeding those of Anheuser-Busch InBev's &euro 16bn ($22.3bn) and Coca-Cola's $31.9bn.
Despite the overall increase in foreign students, the US suffered what the OECD described as a significant fall in its share of the market although separate US figures published today a recovery in the number of postgraduate students last year.
Intel is producing 65 nanometre processors and is due to have reduced sizes further to 45nm and then 32nm by the time that the Dalian plant begins production.
When the Chinese watch boom was at its height, manufacturers put any number of traditional motifs on to watch dials to make timepieces attractive to that market. To illustrate the incentive, Swiss watch exports to China went from SFr45m ($47m) in 2000 to SFr1.4bn in 2014.
Yet mr trump has some means to fight back. Contrary to normal midterm setbacks, the Republican loss of the House of Representatives was mirrored by an increased Republican majority in the Senate. It is the Senate that confirms White House nominees. That will make it far easier for mr trump to fill cabinet positions with whom he wishes. Should he replace Jim Mattis, the secretary of defence, with someone who bends more easily to his will, the Senate will rubber stamp it. foreign policy during most of the first two years of Mr Trump’s term was constrained by the so-called axis of adults. The second two will be stuffed with Trumpian loyalists.
As the enthusiasm for climate-friendly investing hits fever pitch, analysts warn that investors are pumping cash into anything that looks “green” — sending valuations of eco-friendly companies into the stratosphere and fanning fears of a bubble.
Some displayed signs of distress but many of them adjourned to a nearby pub, having anticipated that their days at the bank were numbered. That is what you come to expect if you work on the trading floor of any global investment bank — the last ticket you sign is the one with your pay-off.
“When it comes to relationships, for many people, it is a New Year's resolution,” he said. “The holiday season really kicks off for us on December 26, and runs right through Valentine's day.”
Vitol, Trafigura and Gunvor, which together shift almost 15m barrels of oil each day through their vast trading operations, all now see demand either flatlining or growing only marginally this year.
Students of the fashionable concept of “happiness economics” would tell us that the competitive instinct, and the idea that we must always try to do better than our peers, is leading to the terribly low satisfaction rates that surveys of people's happiness are uncovering. We are unable to resist constantly comparing ourselves with others. Hence the joke: if I can't have a pay rise this year, could the boss possibly see fit to cut everybody else's?
Euroclear plans to open a link for international investors to access the Chinese bond market, which will allow renminbi-denominated debt to be used as collateral anywhere in the world.
barack obama sought to reassure Japan on Thursday that it could count on US help as it attempts to deal with an increasingly assertive China.
Even some opponents of the decision concede it is hard to criticise Google over it. “I think reasonable, and ethical, people can disagree on which path is best to take [when dealing with China],” says Jonathan Zittrain, professor of internet governance and regulation at Oxford University, who was personally opposed to the move.
The average closed the day down 1.3 per cent at 13,286.37, bringing its losses to 8.1 per cent over the 10-day period.
Italy’s new technocratic government approved tough austerity measures and economic reforms last night, kick-starting a pivotal week in Europe’s campaign to shore up the single currency.
Every so often, the occupant of 7 Racecourse Road in New Delhi declares it to be an “Indian century”. Manmohan Singh, prime minister since 2004, has not resisted the temptation. A decade into the 21st century, few would bet on the elephant managing to lumber past the dragon, or succeeding in consigning to history Chinese aspirations for a sinocentric, unipolar Asia.
data released by China’s Customs Bureau on Monday showed that exports of chinese goods rose by 1.1 per cent in dollar terms during the month, compared to the same period a year ago. That was significantly ahead of the 3.8 per cent decline predicted by economists polled by Reuters, and the 2.7 per cent slide witnessed in April.
A bunker mentality might be bad for the financial markets, but it has been great news for Hong Kong's growing reputation as a global wine hub.
However, Neil Aspinall, manager of Apple Corps, The Beatles’ record company, appeared to hint at the possibility of a future commercial relationship.
Speaking after the kingdom raised the spectre last week of utilising the so-called oil weapon for the first time since the 1970s, Khalid al Falih said on Monday that the country’s oil output would increase to close to 11m barrels a day.
He said: “The most important characteristic of the IT industry is that it is changing frequently in terms of technology, pricing and products, and if you want to win, you have to adapt to those changes.
The Trump administration’s trade war has already taken its toll on equity markets across Asia. The strong dollar has likewise done damage in those emerging markets where companies have accumulated large dollar borrowings.
The government has already taken modest measures to cool the investment climate. Licences for new mutual funds have been put on hold and the banking regulator is investigating the use of personal loans to buy stocks. Beyond that, the government has other options. For a start, it can increase the supply of new shares. The regulator usually operates a queue system for IPOs but officials say, at the moment, any company with the necessary qualifications can go ahead with a listing.
“Shine on black stars” was the chant for Ghana during the recent world cup in South Africa. But ultimately Ghana lost to Uruguay. In investment terms too Africa has usually come second to emerging markets in latin america and Asia.
“I actually think it works better here than it does in the east and west. That doesn’t mean that America, with their way of doing things, haven’t been able to drive growth harder, they have. But I think over time if inequality keeps on growing it will come back and bite them,” he said in an interview with the Financial Times.
The collapse of MF Global last week proves the federal reserve bank of new york needs a lesson in how to pick its friends. The new york Fed selects an elite group of primary dealers to carry out monetary policy, distributing us debt as part of its federal open market committee operations. Those who pass the test gain a unique and profitable status. In February 2010, MF Globalreceived approval. A dealer with about $1bn in capital, and previously weak operational controls, joined the wall street elite.
Now, the eurozone is in danger of shifting towards a Ptolemaic system with Germany at its centre. Like Ptolemy’s theory, a German-centric eurozone may wilt under scrutiny. It requires economic adjustment by others to protect the interests of German taxpayers and voters. That, however, makes the system as a whole increasingly unstable.
Ken Livingstone, mayor of London, said it was London's cultural pre-eminence that made it a great world city. “Nobody comes to London to visit its bankers. Cities are not remembered for their economies, but for what they achieve culturally,” he said at the report's launch yesterday.
Another explanation for this timidity is that, understandably, fund managers are minding their own backs. If you highlight excesses, you may find that fingers turn on you. A survey by boston consulting group showed the average fund manager profit margin was above 40 per cent in 2007. That is pretty tasty for an industry that underperforms the benchmark in aggregate, after fees. Of course, managers are under pressure. Fidelity, for one, had net redemptions of $32bn (excluding money market funds) in the 12 months to February, according to Morningstar. Cheap tracker funds are also gaining share.
The tally of candidates for autumn 2009 entry has risen by 4 per cent in the wealthy London Borough of Barnet, in spite of an overall 5 per cent decline in the number of pupils applying for state school places in the borough.
As eurozone tensions continue, observers believe the attendance of Jean-Claude Trichet, european central bank president, Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, and president nicolas sarkozy of France, which has the presidency of the G20, could see the Swiss ski resort play host to important behind-the-scenes negotiations on European stability.
Corporate concentration has been growing in the US. According to the McKinsey Global Institute, profits and losses among both US and european companies are more concentrated than two decades ago. So why are calls for “national champions”— large companies protected and supported by the state — growing too?
Only a few groups – UBS, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley – have gained footholds in Chinese broking, and these gains are constrained by lack of management control.
Martin Winterkorn stepped down as chief executive of Volkswagen, bowing to mounting pressure over an emissions scandal that has wiped more than 30 per cent off the company’s share price since Monday and sent tremors through the European car industry.
The change of fortune, buried in US vehicle sales data for 2007 and unthinkable a few years ago, will find an echo at this year's Detroit auto show, which starts on Sunday.
How are we to understand last week’s events in Paris? Why are people prepared to kill and die for their beliefs? How should liberal democracies respond? Many people must be asking themselves these questions. A remarkable man, Eric Hoffer, addressed them in a book published in 1951: The True Believer: Thoughts on the Nature of Mass Movements . The ideas in his book, developed in response to Nazism and communism, echo powerfully today.
Installing a server requires a rudimentary knowledge of networking, operating system security and backup and recovery technologies. As a result, directors of small companies are often tempted to leave buying a server until circumstances force it upon them.
Weiss says that the founders of the X Prize foundation wanted to revive their childhood dreams of a day when ordinary people would be able to travel into space – expectations formed in the heady 1950s and 1960s. They may get their wish. To Weiss's delight, Virgin Galactic claims it will soon be in a position to offer private space flights. It will be using the technology that won the X Prize.
In 2005, when Junichiro Koizumi silenced critics in his party after winning a resounding electoral victory, many expected him to embark on a streak of deep structural reforms. Instead, after a fairly non-consequential year, he quietly bowed out of politics.
Combined with suspicions about China's geopolitical ambitions, a failure to address such perceptions risks political confrontation between China and the US and Europe.
Chinese overseas deals worth more than $75bn were cancelled last year, as a regulatory clampdown and restrictions on foreign exchange caused 30 acquisitions with European and US groups to fall through.
Under one proposal before the State Council, China's cabinet, Mr Lou would head a single institution responsible for managing investments both at home and abroad.
In the document, Berlin urges China to give German products and services the same degree of market access that chinese companies enjoy in Germany. Beijing should scrap discriminatory conditions imposed on German direct investors and establish a level playing field with domestic investors, who often face lower bureaucratic hurdles.
■Lloyd C. Blankfein, chairman and chief executive, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc
Pointing to the snow storms that plagued south china in January, the unrest in Tibet, the earthquake that killed tens of thousands in Sichuan, the Olympics and, most recently, the need to respond to the global financial crisis, he draws the conclusion that the media have passed the test and this year has brought an "unprecedented opening" to news reporting in China.
Mr Maystadt claims chinese banks have snatched projects from under the EIB's nose in Asia and Africa, after offering to undercut the conditions it imposed on labour standards and environmental protection.
As fears of an advertising downturn sink western broadcasters' market valuations, Mr Garin re-mains confident that CME will continue to find growth. Average television advertising spend per capita in its markets was less than $18 last year, compared with $75 in western Europe, he notes, and three quarters of CME's advertisers are pitching basic packaged goods such as food and toiletries rather than luxury goods. "Mature advertising markets sell cars," he says. "We sell soap."b
“China’s falling current account surplus is winning it no points in Washington, where the rising US bilateral trade deficit with China continues to fuel trade tensions,” said Mr Prasad.
Atlanta coined the catchphrase that it was the city that was “too busy to hate”. During the past 30 years, the countries of Asia have informally adopted that slogan and transferred it to a whole continent. Since the end of the 1970s, the biggest asian nations have forgotten about fighting each other – and concentrated on the serious business of getting rich. The results have been spectacular. But there are alarming signs that east Asia’s giants are pursuing dangerous new priorities, and diverting their energy into angry nationalism and territorial disputes.
“Judges under the rule of law are independent and there shouldn’t be any question of them being instructed or pressed to subordinate their views of due process and what is legal to some other political considerations,” Lord Patten said.
us president barack obama has urged president-elect donald trump to “stand up to” Russia when it deviates from international “values and norms”, warning his successor against striking “convenient” deals with russian president Vladimir Putin.
Many respondents complain of the lack of face-to-face contact with their leaders. “Nobody at floor level ever gets asked their opinion, even though they are the ones dealing directly with the customers and the ones with the real experience of what people need,” says one employee.
Stylish extras are the latest trend in an ever-evolving concierge service being rolled out by luxury hotels. Where once they would be asked to make restaurant reservations or secure theatre tickets, today the roles of the concierge are fashionably wide-ranging. They might include the rental of sunglasses for patrons caught out on a sunny new york day, as available at the James Hotel in Tribeca, or tracking down hard-to-find sneakers, an amenity offered at the Dream Downtown in New York’s Soho.
In response, luxury car companies are turning to social media and digital technology – which tend to appeal more to teens than to the bald pate generation – to peddle their wares in what will soon become the world’s largest premium car market.
Traders said the narrowing of the spread was a signal that the physical oil market, particularly in the Middle East, was tightening fast. “Opec is making the right noises,” said Robert Laughlin at commodities brokerage MF Global in London.
Of the class of 2006, 6 per cent of students went into private equity or venture capital, 4 per cent into retail or private banking. A further 4 per cent went into asset management, corporate or commercial banking drew 4 per cent and the remaining 1 per cent moved into other financial areas.
Even without that, hurricanes and accidents, terrorism and political instability, war (or the threat of it) and hostile governments reasserting their control over their fields will also conspire to keep prices aloft.
You ask if you need to invite management. This is more complicated. Tests have shown that inviting your boss to your wedding can help advancement.
Former senator Grace Poe, a one-time frontrunner who slipped into third place, conceded defeat to Mr Duterte late last night. “I’m giving way, I respect the results,” she told a news conference.
General Pervez Musharraf, Pakistan's US-backed military ruler, faced calls to resign yesterday after attacks by Islamist militants claimed at least 49 more lives, bringing the death toll since Saturday to 179.
Beijing’s domestic tourism surge, however, illustrates the dilemma faced by the government, which is trying to revive the economy but prevent another wave of infections.
Luckin is now looking to snag an even higher valuation by securing a stock market listing in the US, adding to the ranks of chinese companies lining up alongside American peers — the likes of Uber, Slack and Palantir — to offer shares to the public this year.
stock prices have rallied around the world thanks to unparalleled monetary support. central bankers fear premature tightening could stunt fragile recoveries. China could be the first country bold enough to pull the plug.
Aside from smokestack industries, mr wen highlighted another line of business that the government wants to discourage – golf.
The most important consequence of this election may therefore be to bury what little hope remained of getting to grips with the risk of dangerous climate change. Countries cannot keep bits of the atmosphere to themselves. Moving off the world’s current trajectory is a collective task. Without US will and technological resources, the needed shift will not happen. Other countries will not – indeed cannot – compensate.
Its backing of Blu-ray on the eve of the consumer electronics Show in las vegas could prove the decisive move because it will give Blu-ray about 70 per cent of Hollywood's output.
What was the best-performing asset class in 2020? If you think “tech stocks” or “bitcoin”, think again. Instead, as the Bridgewater hedge fund recently wrote to its clients, “among the more interesting and least recognised outcomes” of 2020 was that US inflation-linked bonds beat other assets by delivering a 35 per cent return, on a risk-adjusted basis, as investors hedged against inflation risks.
No sooner had we got used to thinking of ourselves as living in the “Asian century” than it might be all over. So argues Michael Auslin in The End of the Asian Century: “We are on the cusp of a change in the global zeitgeist, from celebrating a strong and growing Asia to worrying about a weak and dangerous Asia.”
Seventy years after an author dies, the copyright on their fiction expires. Expect an explosion now of rights-free versions of Nineteen Eighty-Four.
But we need perspective on how China is likely to adjust. As with Japan in the 1980s, China's export growth relative to the rest of the world has created one of its most serious mismatches. When its share of global trade was tiny, China's traditional response to domestic economic contraction – to boost investment in infrastructure and production capacity – had a negligible impact on the global balance of payments. The subsequent surge in exports could easily be absorbed by the rest of the world.
From the south china sea to the Middle East, the US is losing its status as an unrivalled superpower. In few places is this loss of influence so apparent as in Africa, where Beijing senses a strategic opportunity and where Washington is increasingly viewed as a fickle — even absentee — ally.
A club sandwich, a pair of trousers, a ticket to the movies &ndash  in a typical market transaction, I choose and pay for my own desires.
An administration official declined to explain the thinking behind the new requirement. “There's no why,” the official said.
The news could fuel eurozone politicians' fears about Europe's ballooning trade deficit with China and the threats posed by a strong euro. Last month Jean-Claude Juncker, Luxembourg's prime minister, who chairs meetings of eurozone finance ministers, warned on a trip to Beijing that protectionism might rise in Europe unless the Chinese allowed their currency to rise in value against the euro.
Yet more important than this particular decision is whether the ECB maintains the activist stance it has taken throughout Mario Draghi’s time as its president — a tenure which, regrettably, is to end next year. The bank must keep the crisis toolkit that it has assembled over the past decade well oiled and ready to redeploy if Europe’s economy should weaken again.
According to headmasters and bursars, the so-called Sevenoaks survey, in which budgeting information from the 50 schools was collated and distributed every year by Sevenoaks school, was an attempt to control costs and keep fees down.
For many people in Hong Kong, it is hard to imagine the city with its home airline controlled by any group other than Swire Pacific.
The rally in the copper market, where prices have risen by about 50 per cent over the past eight weeks, looks to be premature, says Eugen Weinberg, commodities analyst at Commerzbank.
Rio Tinto is planning a push into Russian diamond mining, eyeing a tie-up with Alrosa, the state-owned miner, as the global industry looks ahead to rising demand from China amid tight supply constraints.
Sweet! Putting Kraft Foods and Cadbury together makes a mouth-watering confection. But Kraft will have to make its proposal sweeter still to take the candy  its 745p-a-share approach, rejected by its UK target and already outstripped by the market price, is a mere starting point. Rivals could also make a grab for the chocolate box.
China's recent overtures have been welcomed by some African governments because infrastructure construction and other assistance comes with few of the governance and human rights strings attached by western donors.
“It’s as though she was at a different meeting from the one that we attended,” said Mr Ross of Cecilia Malmstrom, the eu trade commissioner.
With customers regularly giving the product low scores on its site, OTC contacted the manufacturer. By January its customer service team was able to announce it had worked with the makers to make sure the planets stayed inflated.
Beijing, too, has seen a surge in construction and some observers fear the market could suffer, once next summer's Olympics are over.
The 14 per cent increase in Sinosteel's offer from A$5.60 to A$6.38 a share turned it into “an attractive offer” given “certainty and transparent value on the current volatile share market”, Midwest said. However, it was unclear last night whether some of Midwest's biggest shareholders and directors, such as deputy chairman David Law, would accept Sinosteel's cash.
Each overseas bank is understood to be seeking a stake of 20 per cent – the maximum limit allowed under chinese law – and the revised bids reflect the fact that both sides have spent the past few weeks enlisting the support of powerful local allies to satisfy Chinese concerns over foreign ownership in the banking sector.
Ahmad al-Sayed, chief executive of Qatar Holding, will also investigate developing a luxury online store, expanding the Harrods brand beyond teddy bears and souvenirs for the mass market, and giving the London flagship store a makeover in order to expand the selling space.
Mr Obama’s style of doing business, and particularly his diplomacy, does not lend much confidence that his interest will be sustained. With the exception of China, where his engagement has been intensive, Mr Obama’s standard approach is to touch down, give a great speech, proclaim lofty goals, then move on. Such fleetingness might be expected of US presidents, who have real and potential Middle Eastern wars to manage, and a thousand other headaches. That is why they should create clear strategies for others to execute. Alas, there is no clear Obama strategy for Africa. Nor, for that matter, for the Middle East.
It is not that the world has done nothing. Over the weekend, the UN passed a unanimous resolution that included a travel ban for senior Libyan officials and asset seizures. There was also a rare referral to the International Criminal Court. By the standards of the UN, this was fairly tough stuff.
Mr Flowers, who made his reputation with the rescue of what was then called Long-Term Credit Bank, is leading a consortium that includes Banco Santander and Swiss Re. It is offering Y202bn ($1.8bn) for a stake of up to 32.6 per cent in an agreed deal that would make the group the bank's single largest shareholder.
Meanwhile, large hedge funds and private equity groups are keeping a keen eye on the highly-leveraged areas - buy-out financing, securitisations, asset-backed securities and the like - vacated by risk-shedding investment banks.
The announcement from the federal bureau of Investigation and James Comey, its director, that hillary clinton will not face prosecution over her use of email represents an important inflection point in this Clinton scandal. But it is not the end.
Allianz GI, whose total assets under management of �,266bn at the end of last year made it the world's third-biggest asset manager, ranks only 13th in Taiwan, where assets under management were T$50.6bn ($1.5bn, �.2bn, &pound 808m) at the end of September.
There are eight shelves from bottom to ceiling round the room and a series of different-sized compartments, some containing two pairs - flats at the front and higher heels behind. "The compartments can be flexible and altered in size as she continues to expand her collection."
With the demise of AIG, the markets' verdict has been rendered: a reactive, ad hoc, mostly private sector approach to the challenges of the financial sector will not work. The problems are systemic and the remedies need to be comprehensive. The challenges – including a shortage of capital, dysfunctional wholesale credit markets, widespread deleveraging and significant asset sales – are too large, too widespread and too complex to be managed by the private sector alone.
“The conservative party must be at least competitive and at best dominant in cultural communities,” Mr Kenney said in an interview with the Financial Times.
“Asia needs to accept a lot more currency volatility.”
Ashley Hines has waited for nearly a decade for this moment. After years of wrangling, the taiwan government has legalised gaming on its offshore islands.
Japan According to a brief reference to Nanking at the Yasukuni museum in Tokyo, the Japanese general in charge gave his men maps showing foreign settlements and a civilian “safety zone”, and ordered them to maintain strict military discipline. The visitor is left to assume they did. The museum notes only that “Chinese soldiers disguised in civilian clothes were severely prosecuted”.
Plans by us lawmakers to curtail big wall street bonuses may have adverse effects on government rescue plans aimed at restarting consumer lending and resolving the toxic asset overhang.
Even so, the triumph of the AlphaGo computer over the south korean world champion Lee Se-dol in the first of a five-match series in the ancient Chinese board game of Go marks more than just a new notch on the computerised honours board. mr lee had been confident of victory and proclaimed himself “shocked” by his defeat.
The ADB has accelerated private equity fund (PEF) investments since 2003 and now has stakes in about 40 funds. Many of the funds are registered in tax havens such as the Cayman Islands, but slightly more than half of the ADB money they have invested is in China and India.
I would like to focus here on the role of company nomination committees. I am convinced that if there were more women on nomination committees, it would help identify more good female candidates for non-executive directorships.
Not long ago Zhang Zhirong, a successful young property tycoon in Shanghai, decided to try something new: shipbuilding.
I do have a question about the proposed G4 though. The IMF tried something similar, though with a slightly different grouping, in its multilateral consultation on global imbalances, and the results were rather disappointing. Concessions to a multilateral group are easier to make than concessions to a specific country, but the G2 of imbalances hasn't exactly shown much willingness to adjust their current policies in any context.
The EU should receive sweeping extra powers to stave off an unfair competitive threat from state-supported companies in China and elsewhere, the Dutch government has said in a further sign of rising intent in Europe to defend the region’s economic interests.
However, accounts for the year to March 2009, released yesterday, make clear that even if Terra Firma secures this equity, it will face another &ldquo significant shortfall&rdquo  against a test on covenants in its loans by March 2011. Unless it can persuade Citi to restructure its &pound 3.2bn in loans by then, investors face further cash calls. Terra Firma spent &pound 105m to make up shortfalls against the quarterly covenant tests last year but has less than &pound 10m left for future payments.
Mr Scott is known for his affable low-key style and an apparent sincerity that helped him to win the trust of activist investors and other vocal critics of the company as he embarked on his drive to refashion Wal-Mart's reputation. The manner befits his role as heir to the Wal-Mart myth of the company leader as everyman in the tradition of Sam Walton, the resolutely down-to-earth founder who opened the first store in 1962 and who died in 1992.
Istepped out on to the tarmac in Tibet in 1985 and took a deep breath. Skies so sharp and cobalt they took the wind out of me. A vast, lunar, dusty expanse in which, I had heard, on the road into Lhasa, there were Buddhas painted on the rock-face. A handful of Tibetans whose wild eyes and often dirt-blackened faces spoke for life at the farthest edges of human experience.
Suning Holdings, the retail conglomerate that owns a majority stake in the Serie A team, is seeking new investment by the end of the year in response to a financial crisis at the club, according to three people familiar with its finances.
To listen to the stockbrokers, it is a “pivotal moment”, a “major step forward” that will “bring chinese equities into mainstream investment”. MSCI, the index provider, has decided to include mainland chinese shares in its main global and emerging market benchmarks. The talk of a watershed is misguided, however. This is a test for chinese stock markets, not a certification that they have met global standards or that future integration is assured, or even likely.
But the animated scribbles in red and blue that fill the board represent an exercise in cultural transformation that Mr Sacasa believes is critical to the future of the bank.
The speed of the selling may be new, but the negativity surrounding the market is not. Chinese stocks are comfortably the worst performers in Asia this year to date, and on an annual basis things look even worse.
The governor of Okinawa has officially revoked construction permits for a new us military base on the southern island as an issue that has plagued US-Japan relations for more than a decade flares up again.
Another way to bet on higher rates is via derivatives and, in recent years, many fixed income investors have used interest rate swaps as an alternative to cash bonds. Traders reported heavy swap activity last week as bond yields cracked new highs.
China’s official gauge of manufacturing activity for February fell to 50.3, down a point from January and the largest fall in more than six years. While the slowdown was partially blamed on China’s lunar new year, which ended last week, economists said a crackdown on polluting industries likely stymied output.
Many investors had been hoping for official measures to boost the stock market for the start of the olympic games on Friday, but none have materialised.
The proposal, which he says prompted a fierce backlash from within his own party, reflects a fear that both fellow Democrats and Republicans are giving up on any attempt to  curb the budget deficit. “Politicians are like water — they will take the course of least resistance,” says the 44-year-old congressman, an ex-mayor of Salt Lake County. “In our case the course of least resistance is deficit spending.”
Microsoft, which owns the targeted operating system, would have had to pay millions for comparably useful publicity. True, 200,000 computers running Windows were affected, with hard drives encrypted and demands for bitcoin ransoms on computer screens. But the world’s biggest software maker has seized on the advantages.
production, has planted its flag in Mozambique’s huge offshore natural
“It’s very old school, but [Vietnam] are doing it well,” Mr Costerg said. “They can attract investment, build infrastructure and improve the business climate. They are well placed geographically speaking. They seem to be gaining market share in electronics.”
Mr Goff estimated the trade agreement would be worth close to NZ$400m (US$315m, &#8364 200m, &pound 160m) to the country each year.
There is thankfully no famine in Manila today. Jollibee, the country's biggest restaurant chain, is offering half-portions of rice and the government has lionised a boxing champion who ate maize instead of rice before his latest victory.
The us treasury market occupies the centre of the global financial system. It is the deepest and most liquid bond market in the world, and demand from central banks and institutional investors, including private sector banks and hedge funds, has allowed the American government to finance its multibillion-dollar budget deficits.
“There's been the stigma that body armour is only worn by bad people, though I'd rather a citizen arm themselves with body armour than a gun,” Baptie argues. “The kind of products that meet civilian needs have just never been made widely available. But they want them now.”
Those on the receiving end, however, are often left feeling bemused or, worse, cheated. What employees really want, according to a new survey, are straight-talkers who keep them up to date with bad, as well as good, news. They also want leaders who stay true to themselves instead of putting on a performance or preaching through PowerPoint.
The new loop cable, EAC Pacific, will link the Philippines, Guam, Hawaii and California before doubling back across the northern Pacific to Japan. This configuration will avoid the Luzon Strait seismic zone between Taiwan and the Philippines, where the cables damaged by the recent earthquake were located.
Some believe that conflicts of interest in financial conglomerates were at the heart of both the financial follies of the past decade: the new economy bubble of 1998-2000 and the credit expansion of 2003-2007. For such people it is essential to revisit the issues raised by Senators Glass and Steagall in the Great Depression.
Even before Covid-19 forced employees to work from home, many businesses were moving to more remote working. While this offers flexibility, autonomy and cost savings, it makes managing staff more challenging. Without frequent face-to-face contact, organisations need to become more creative in their approaches.
Then, Zhou looked grim – unsurprisingly perhaps, since hong kong and foreign media were full of stories suggesting that not only would he be passed over for promotion, but also might lose his job.
But therein lies the problem. You can understand the temptation, especially for those who have made a life's work of controlling the aesthetics of not only their lives but also those of others, to design their own eulogy and to experience it first-hand: it must feel so good, to do something exactly as they would want! Yet the danger is that it may become (metaphorically, not literally) self-fulfilling.
Under one version of the reform being discussed, the government would introduce the long-awaited tax on retail petrol and diesel but would soften the blow to consumers by cutting petrol prices. Petrol in China is about 50 per cent more than the retail price in the US. However, brokerage CLSA said it expected a 15 per cent price cut to be announced next week.
Markets have been full of chatter about whether Denmark’s strict peg to the euro could be the next target of investors after last week’s move by the SNB to end its ceiling on the franc-euro exchange rate.
Shares in Apple closed 2.3 per cent higher to $300.35 on Thursday. The rise coincided with a broader advance on wall street on the first day of trading in 2020, following a move by the chinese central bank to stimulate the country’s economy.
The report, released on Wednesday, will exacerbate fears that fiscal discipline at the US Pentagon is lacking at a time when looming budget cuts could lead to greater reliance on outside contractors.
Flows into investment funds from asian investors jumped to $421bn (&pound 212bn, &#8364 268bn) last year from $72bn in 2004, surpassing those of the US, according to data from Strategic Insight, a New York-based consultancy.
Dutch group ASML, for example, partnered with TSMC, Intel and Samsung in 2012 to accelerate the development of its extreme ultra violet (EUV) lithography technology, used to print and etch designs on to silicon.
Both also come with an excellent software bundle, including Logitech's Video Effects one-click video e-mail application, Logitech Quickcapture for photos and support for all the leading IM clients so you can use them straight out of the box.
He pays less than a dollar a month in tax meant to support the Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation. But the payment lies at the heart of accusations that Zambia has given up its sovereignty in return for $9.4bn of debt, up to one-third of it owed to China.
One of the reasons I like enterprise is that it is largely a meritocratic sphere. Entrepreneurs are the essence of self-made individuals. They come from all backgrounds and cultures, occasionally from privilege but mostly not. All have prejudices alongside their competitiveness, but overriding such tendencies are ambition and dynamism. They are successes not because of whom they know or where they went to school or who their father was – but because of what they’ve done.
Brazil and Mexico, the two countries already at the 10 per cent cap, are likely to retain their weighting, meaning that the pain will be primarily felt by the countries just below this, such as Indonesia (9.6 per cent), Poland (9 per cent) and Thailand (8.1 per cent).
The initial public offering is the first by a chinese company in the US since Luckin Coffee’s fraud debacle emerged last month, and comes as the market grapples with the impact of the coronavirus pandemic.
The calls came at the opening of the international Aids conference in Mexico against a backdrop of soul-searching by researchers, who have faced a series of setbacks in recent months in clinical studies to find vaccines that could prevent the spread of HIV, despite hundreds of millions of dollars in funding over recent years.
Zhang Biao, a 32-year-old Chinese entrepreneur, has already thought about where his eight-year old will go to university. “We thought a flat overseas would be a good investment, and our son could use it for sixth form or university in Australia or the UK,” he says.
The us federal reserve left interest rates unchanged at 5.25 per cent yesterday as expected, amid housing market weakness and signs of easing inflation.
The plea came as Ssangyong's union voted in favour of a strike and called on the south korean government to inject cash into the country's smallest carmaker.
That's the argument against the widespread view today that monetary policymakers should take asset price inflation as well as monetary inflation into account when setting interest rates. I was on the monetary policy committee when house prices were roaring away in the three years to 2006, and I can remember thinking: "If our mission was to check house-price inflation (which of course it was not), where would interest rates have to go?" It was very hard to guess at what constituted the sustainable price of housing over the long term. Would we be prepared to knock industry for six simply because we felt that house prices were getting a bit too sporty? I don't think so.
The partisans of China’s rise are brandishing a new argument. Not only is China the world’s most prolific exporter, wealthiest sovereign creditor and second-largest economy. It is also on track to be the leading provider of the world’s reserve money – perhaps within a decade, in the estimation of Arvind Subramanian of the peterson institute for International Economics. But China’s miracle economy is not quite as miraculous as all that. Indeed, the internationalisation of the renminbi is less a sign of China’s rise than of its internal confusion.
coalition government could represent a revolution in the way politics are conducted in Britain, and even the way UK politics are conducted in Europe, if the German experience is anything to go by.
William Frey, demographer at the Brookings Institution, wrote recently that over half of the US population was now in either the Generation Z or millennial age bracket, and they are more racially diverse than older generations. That should mean they are more likely to vote Democrat.
As 1.3bn chinese consumers move up the ladder of prosperity, extraordinary changes are occurring in China's agricultural trade and domestic food economy. China's success in resolving its agricultural limitations will go far in determining whether higher food prices are here to stay – not just in China, but across global markets. i
warren buffett and 3G Capital are to takeover Heinz in a $28bn cash deal that has been approved by the us food group’s board.
The establishment of the commission by the 47-nation UN human rights Council in March last year was an unprecedented assertion of pressure on north korea over its longstanding human rights violations. The commission presented its findings in Geneva in a 372-page report, after hearing testimony from more than 320 witnesses, including former inmates of North Korea’s political prison camps.
Macao’s gaming market grew at a rate that defied even the most bullish expectations last year to become five times bigger than Las Vegas, powered by the eagerness of China’s nouveaux riches to gamble.
The UK’s accounting watchdog has promised a tougher approach to monitoring the six largest audit firms, following a series of high-profile corporate failures that has undermined confidence in the Financial Reporting Council.
Property billionaire Wang Jianlin’s acquisition in 2015 of a 20 per cent stake in Atlético Madrid, one of Spain’s most storied football teams, marked the start of a $2.5bn spending spree on European clubs by a plethora of Chinese tycoons.
The writer is a partner with the Shanghai office of Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer
The Pew survey found that support for the withdrawal of us troops from Iraq was almost universal. There was also widespread opposition to the US and Nato operation in Afghanistan and the broader US war on terror.
Mr Hayward at the weekend was in the UK, where BP's board met yesterday to discuss ways of boosting the group's warchest to cover both the claims resulting from the spill and the restoration of investor confidence. Options under discussion include a $10bn bond offering and a further $10bn of asset sales. These come on top of the $10bn sales mooted last week, a long with the suspension of the dividend for three quarters and reduction of the capital expenditure programme.
The Chinese State Reserves Bureau has bought about 30,000 tonnes of nickel, equivalent to one-sixth of the stocks in london metal exchange warehouses, according to two people familiar with the deal. In recent weeks it has also been making inquiries about copper, several other people with knowledge of the matter said.
The Fangs — Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google — are having a crisis that encompasses the cognitive, the political and the economic. Activists, regulators and even some tech executives themselves are calling for an investigation into the addictive nature of smartphones and social media.
As the world edges towards a peace conference on Syria, three ideas about the west’s role in the conflict are widely accepted. First, that the longer the conflict goes on, the greater the chances of direct or indirect western military intervention. Second, that there is a deep and bitter division between the US and Russia that is making progress much harder. Third, that the Syrian civil war is dominating western thinking on the Middle East. Few people publicly dispute these propositions. And yet they are all distinctly questionable.
A Russian military aircraft crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria on Sunday, and none of the 92 people on board were expected to have survived, according to the Russian defence ministry.
Vastly more worrying than speculation is the weak medium-term growth of supply. The rapid increases in yields of the 1970s and 1980s, at the time of the “green revolution”, have slowed. Given the stresses on water supplies, longer-term supply prospects would look poor even if diversion of land for production of biofuels were not adding to the pressure.
Similar pressures apply elsewhere. In France and Australia, academics receive bonuses for placing articles in the top academic publications. The UK's Research Assessment Exercise, which evaluates university research and ties funding to the outcome, encourages similarly arcane work.
Total vehicle sales rose 6.7 per cent last year to 9.38m, the group said yesterday, compared with an increase of 22 per cent a year earlier.
They have trawled through the data and drawn two powerful conclusions. One is that there is almost no statistical basis for predicting growth from one decade to another. Extrapolation is a mug’s game – or, as they put it, “current growth has very little predictive power”. From 1967 to 1980, Brazil grew at an average annual rate of 5.2 per cent. Few would have predicted, then, that for the next 22 years per capita income would grow at precisely zero.
Jumping to the easy assumption that internet leadership is about to change hands again, though, would be a mistake, according to observers such as Dave Sanderson, head of the media practice at management consultants Bain. Thanks to their instant brand recognition, audience reach and extensive financial and technical resources, "it is going to be hard to unseat [the portals] in the broad aggregation business," he says.
Europe’s top trade official has underlined the EU’s willingness to ally with the US in fighting steel overproduction by China, ahead of a potentially decisive visit to Washington aimed at securing an exemption from punitive tariffs.
Mr Sarkozy's visit is being closely watched in China because Jacques Chirac, his predecessor, was a noted Sinophile and critic of us foreign policy. There is much interest in the degree to which the new president will depart from the Chirac line.
To millions of British and German tourists, Mallorca is simply one on a list of Spanish package destinations offering the standard summer fare of white beaches, late-night drinking and familiar food.
The company known as Cofco is now in talks with Hong Kong-based Noble Group, one of Asia’s leading commodities traders, to establish a joint venture in sugar, soyabeans and wheat.
“There's steady progress. India has made it clear that it has no intention of joining any other power in any attempt to contain China. The Chinese reciprocally will have to understand that it's futile to try to block India's rise as a major player on the international scene,” he said.
As countries grow richer, their population changes how it holds wealth, according to the report. In developing countries, property, particularly land and farm assets, are important, while cash savings tend to dominate in middle-income countries.
The two living Republican presidents have made clear they will not support donald trump as the property mogul seeks to overcome deep dissent within the party’s ranks ahead of a likely presidential face-off against Hillary Clinton.
The unemployment rate, based on a survey of 60,000 households, dipped from 5.1 per cent to 5 per cent. Economists had forecast the rate to rise to 5.2 per cent.
The writer is chairman of Soros Fund Management/i
Sony yesterday threw down the gauntlet to Microsoft by slashing the price of its PlayStation 3 console by $100 in the crucial US gaming market, a move that analysts said could trigger a price war with its main rival.
After tracking his sleep, the client discovered he was getting fewer than his stated seven hours a night and so he booked a 12-week sleep coaching programme at Equinox, his high-end gym, at a cost of £750.
“He can swim very well,” Chen insisted. “He doesn't need basketballs.” She then clouded the issue by adding cryptically: “Nobody could cross over with basketballs. If they could, there'd be no need to buy tickets for the boat from Kinmen.”
Hurricane Isaac ripped across south-eastern Louisiana yesterday, breaching rural flood defences and leaving half a million people without power.
Providing a blueprint in keeping with Beijing’s vision will help Chengdu receive a chunk of the Rmb4.7tn ($705bn) for infrastructure and transport announced by the authorities in May — the largest state stimulus package to be announced since the global financial crisis.
According to the China Film Producers Association, Chinese box office receipts will reach up to Rmb40bn ($6bn) in 2015, putting the country second only to the US.
Pearson has agreed to sell its stake in the publisher of the Economist magazine for £469m in cash, as it continues its push to focus on education assets.
In addition, IPTV services are usually bundled with broadband internet access and other video services such as video-on-demand. Most also include interactive options that enable consumers to control aspects of the viewing experience such as camera angles, watch multiple channels simultaneously and receive e-mail messages or incoming caller ID information on their television set.
I don’t mean that we are all about to start fitting avocado bathroom suites and buying shirts with collars so wide you could make three protective gowns out of them.
He decided to act after seeing first-hand the link between low incomes and college admittance when visiting a middle-school class in 2005.
Construction sites are so common in China that most people pass them without a glance. At one point during the country’s multi-decade building boom, the joke was that the crane was the national bird.
The complaint brings head to head the son of an Armenian peanut magnate with one of China’s most powerful state-owned companies over a sprawling seaside hotel and casino complex near Nassau, the Bahamian capital.
Lt General Awad Ibn Ouf, the defence minister, said on Thursday that Mr Bashir had been deposed and that a military council would run the country for a two-year transitional period.
Plenty of western magazines and newspapers have hit the skids or even gone bust in recent years, victims of declining print advertising revenues in an increasingly internet-oriented world. Think of bankrupt Newsweek magazine, famously sold for $1.
That was the last moment in my life I’ve felt such certainty about my career. As a teenager I adopted the more sensible, if slightly vertiginous, position of not having the faintest clue. All I knew was I didn’t want to be a chambermaid or a filing clerk in a psychiatric outpatient department or work selling woks at Habitat. These were the only trades I had any experience of and found none of them satisfactory.
China's rapidly growing economy is placing unprecedented pressure on supplies of coal, prompting a debate about whether the country is poised to become a permanent net importer of its staple fuel.
Maggie Rosen looks at the pros and cons of a very particular class of liquid asset
private sector SMEs also pay annual interest rates as high as 20 per cent for shadow loans. A study by Jianjun Li and Fengyun Hu referenced in the journal Asia Policy found that almost 60 per cent of surveyed SMEs had used the informal credit market.
The country’s travel deficit soared from $129bn in 2013 to $227bn a year later and reached $261bn last year, according to balance of payments data.
The us president believes if a country sells more goods to a trade partner than it buys, it has “won”. He also thinks that if it buys more goods from a trading partner than it sells, it can “win” a protectionist war, because the other side has more to lose. These two convictions — bilateral mercantilism and asymmetric balance of pain — are his guides. His policy is to use the way in which the US “loses” to secure victory. Since the US is also the most powerful country in any bilateral relationship, it has to win.
Over the weekend, the president-elect revealed the outlines of an economic recovery plan aimed at creating or saving 2.5m jobs by January 2011 through investment in infrastructure, public services and “green” technology.
The month of August, that hallowed time when Latin Europe grinds to a sunny halt, concludes with September’s good intentions to sustain the summer’s healthier habits. Rapidly we revert to form.
The consequences of such protectionism are likely to test Europe economically, politically and legally. “Unravelling the integration of the banking market will cause a lot of damage. It will throw things back 10 years, but not 30. But the rest of the protectionist measures we see will be marginal, providing the economy doesn't get totally out of hand,” says Daniel Gros of the Centre for European Policy Studies.
Solar companies worldwide have been closing their doors as they lose out on the price wars with chinese companies which are also struggling to stay afloat.
On Wednesday, Liu He, China’s vice-premier, was due to attend a new round of talks in Washington with Robert Lighthizer, the us trade representative, and Steven Mnuchin, the us treasury secretary. If an agreement were finalised, it could pave the way for president donald trump and Xi Jinping, his Chinese counterpart, to sign the deal later this month. But officials involved in the talks have warned that the discussions could still drag on for weeks or months or collapse altogether, leading to further escalation.
The 13-page document suggested that there should be global, rather than national, policies on what is permissible and that internet companies should not face any liability for content on their platforms or free speech would be limited.
A us federal judge yesterday dealt a blow to the tobacco industry when he ruled a case involving the big cigarette makers and tens of millions of smokers of “light” cigarettes could proceed to trial as a national class action.
Born of struggle and strife, his music has proved that it can renew its intellectual and emotional power for every generation. The Ninth Symphony stands out today as an uplifting affirmation of brotherly love at a time of racial discord, and its finale has been adopted as the anthem of the European Union. His only opera, Fidelio, in which a woman rescues her husband from internment as a political prisoner, could equally be a contemporary rallying cry.
clinical trials so far using the two drugs as a prophylactic in Africa and Asia have run into ethical troubles with Aids activists, in part because critics argued the sponsors should provide free HIV treatment for life to any participants who subsequently contract HIV.
American big business, frustrated in its attempts to limit class action lawsuits at home, is now attempting to derail efforts to give European consumers similar legal redress against corporate misconduct like Volkswagen’s emissions scandal.
“I tried to tell him just how powerful these bankers were and how close their ties were to top political leaders and I said how worried I was about their reaction if he forced them to take such huge losses,” the friend and former colleague, Huang Jiangnan, told the Financial Times. “He just told me to stop speaking and insisted he had to persevere. He is really a very resolute and insistent person.”
China was the fastest growing economy in the world. “A good many people see that as a threat. I want to see it as an opportunity.”
As a result, by the end of our first week this year in our holiday house in the Languedoc, my husband was complaining rather peevishly about the short rations he felt the cellar mistress of the household was administering compared with his generous output from the kitchen. I suppose his disappointment at a relatively empty wine glass must have been all the more bittersweet because our house happens to be surrounded by vineyards.
Economists like to joke that wall street has predicted nine out of the last five recessions. equity investors seem to think they might have done it again. The peak-to-trough drop of 20 per cent in global share prices amounted to a firm forecast in early August that recession was on its way. Since then shares have jumped more than 9 per cent, as doubts grew about the extent of the slowdown.
Midnight Charm has produced lingerie for a British high-street brand that he asked the FT not to name because Mr Lei had acted as a subcontractor without the brand’s knowledge.
Citic's deal with Bear Stearns is awaiting approval from regulators, but the two companies have announced their intention to invest in each other through an exchange of convertible securities and the set-up of a joint venture in Hong Kong.
The audit is the latest in a series of scandals to hit CDB, following the arrest of vice-chairman Wang Yi in June and strong domestic criticism over its investment in Barclays, which is worth roughly half what CDB paid for it last year.
Mr Lumme said Brazil had signed an individual broadcasting rights deal with the IOC rather than as part of a package with other Central and South American countries. The Brazil deal for the 2010 winter games in Vancouver and for London 2012 is thought to be worth $60m, about six times its contribution in previous deals.
Yet 20 years after the Beijing massacre, the Communist leaders remain firmly in control. There is no coherent challenge to their rule and, although grassroots protests are widespread, the simmering discontent of 1989 is less evident today, especially in the main cities. Even the economy appears to have begun to recover more quickly than that of any other major country.
Calm, composed and consistent are the watchwords of the european central Bank. Except perhaps if you listen in Spanish, French or Italian.
There has long been a suspicion among analysts that “tourism” has been used as a cloak to hide unrecorded capital outflows, and the case for thinking so is as strong now as ever.
A former senior us official said the US had made headway in the area but that more needed to be done.
ArcelorMittal then signed an agreement with Mr Han that gave it the option to buy his 45 per cent stake after clearing Chinese antitrust regulations.
To be sure, gold devotees have always existed in America, just as a version of the tea party has always been around (that is, fiscally conservative, anti-government right-wingers). Indeed, before the 1960s, when the American dollar was employing the gold standard, it was widely assumed that gold was the best store of value available to mankind. Even after America left the gold standard in 1971, some investors continued to revere the yellow stuff. Alan Greenspan, the former Fed chairman, for example, wrote an essay in his youth, entitled “Gold and Economic Freedom”, which declared that “in the absence of a gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value.”
President Dilma Rousseff may be among the world’s most popular presidents but her re-election next year is being jeopardised by a formidable opponent: the humble tomato.
“With spreads on bonds still so tight, investors think they will get a bigger bang for their buck elsewhere,” he says.
America’s business executives are struggling to figure out how the global trading system will be reshaped by Donald Trump’s policies after his decision last week to open a second front in his trade war by targeting Mexico.
Rudy Tseng has come to play a defining role in contemporary Asian art. With a background in advertising and the film industry — he retired as head of walt disney International, Taiwan, in December 2005 — he is now a collector and respected curator based in Taiwan. He also sits on Tate’s Asia-Pacific Acquisitions Committee and is a member of Tokyo’s Mori Art Museum, as well as of various international art fair advisory groups — from ArtHK and Art Fair Tokyo to the new Taipei Dangdai, which opens next week.
One way for this run of good times for the industry to come to an end, so some in the steel industry fear, is for China to turn in the next few years into a large steel exporter. If this were to happen, the subsequent extra supplies of the metal reaching world markets could have a significant effect in pushing down prices.
But the territory’s full-year growth of 1.4 per cent was a sharp drop from the 4.9 per cent recorded in 2011 as the mainland chinese economy expanded at its slowest pace for a decade.
The writer is a professor at peking university and an associate at the Carnegie Endowment
In a bar in Beijing or an underground rail carriage on the Shanghai Metro, the sight of WeChat, the addictive chat app developed by Tencent Holdings, is ubiquitous. But when you spy it over the shoulder of your neighbour on the Metro, chances are they are messaging colleagues rather than friends.
No agreement has yet been reached. But the talks come as Mr Packer moves to give up control of the media empire his father built and step up investment in his more profitable gaming operations.
Britain has declared the outbreak of coronavirus is a "serious and imminent threat to public health," in a move that gives the government expanded powers in containing the disease.
Since Chinese troops killed 20 Indian soldiers in a border fight in the Himalayas on June 15, Indians have found eye-catching ways to show their outrage. Traders at a busy retail market in Hyderabad stomped on Chinese-made mosquito bats and residents of a middle-class apartment in Gujarat tossed a Chinese flatscreen televisions out the window.
But now, just as the likes of Facebook and Google face more pressure in the west, light-touch regulation is no longer enough for China.
After such a sustained bull run even the most sober-minded are now saying the market can continue to rise in spite of prices that are more than 50 times earnings.
US prosecutors have accused the North Korean regime of orchestrating a global cyber crime wave that included robbing $81m from Bangladesh’s central bank and spreading the global WannaCry malware attack last year.
Brent, which started the day in the red only to climb as much as 3.4 per cent, fell 2.8 per cent to $29.99 in late afternoon trading.
This century is likely to be far less exceptional. In the south china sea lie the possible causes of a return of warfare to north american shores.
A second sign could be found off the main show floor of the Cobo conference centre, in a second hall where various chinese manufacturers showed off vehicles. Here were cars made by Geely, BYD (Build Your Dreams) Auto and Changfeng Group, which started life in a People's liberation army factory.
But as investors wake up to the amount of government support required to bail out the stricken financial sector, a degree of inflation protection will probably be warranted as fiscal floodgates are opened.
Nevertheless,  commentators have been painting an increasingly pessimistic picture of the outlook for the country’s growth. Even premier li keqiang has been quoted as saying that: “For China to maintain growth of 6 per cent or more is very difficult against the current backdrop of a complicated international situation and a relatively high base, and this rate is at the forefront of the world’s leading economies.”——Premier Li Keqiang, Reuters, 16 September 2019
John Lipsky, IMF first deputy managing director, confirmed the Chinese proposal, which follows one by Russia to buy $10bn (&euro 7.1bn, &pound 6.2bn) in IMF bonds.
The trial could test the fragile balance between Russia's two centres of power.
But such notions are taken seriously by the party itself, which is grappling with ways to merge an intensely hierarchical political culture with the demands of transparency and corporate governance.
Instead, high-frequency traders are flocking to emerging markets such as Russia, Brazil and Mexico where exchanges are beginning to revamp their systems to attract such players.
The inner sanctum of Shinsei Bank's imposing Tokyo headquarters is a gallery of contemporary Japanese art collected by Thierry Porté, the bank's chief executive.
This month, the european parliament voted in favour of a resolution to create a new ethical-legal framework for robots. The Commission does not have to follow the parliament’s recommendations, but if it refuses it will have to explain why.
It feels more like Hollywood now, full of people writing scripts and honing pitches. “Brave new world companies create something that was not there before. They do not just save somebody money,” a middle-aged man told a young entrepreneur at a nearby table in a diner on Monday morning. The ingénu should portray his venture as more than “faster, better, cheaper”.
As the boom in commodities prices stretches into its fifth year, mining company executives are more bullish than ever.
Assets managed by global  index funds have smashed through the $10tn level, buoyed by rising markets and an investor exodus from pricier, actively managed funds that often struggle to beat their benchmarks.
mr wen also stressed the importance of slowing price rises – a potentially destabilising issue and a key theme at this year’s parliamentary session. “Inflation is like a tiger, once it is set free it is very difficult to put it back in its cage,” he said. “Rising consumer and housing prices affect the immediate interests of the people.”
These days, only the dollar enjoys such universal recognition. The note of choice for drug dealers and war lords, it also dominates international trade and capital markets. Commodities are priced in dollars  other currencies are most often quoted, traded and at times pegged against it. This ubiquity reinforces its status as the world’s pre-eminent reserve currency: the only one that offers central banks the scale, stability and market liquidity they need to build long-term res­erves they can readily deploy in times of crisis.
Moody’s said yesterday that it was considering joining its rival Standard & Poor’s – which stripped the US of its top rating last year – if a deal was not reached by the end of the year.
More than a conventional war, though, it represents a fundamental struggle for the future of the Middle East, and for its place in the world.
Even KKR - the firm that pioneered financially engineered deals - decided to revive its in-house management consultancy Capstone in 1999 to wring out costs and push through efficiencies at newlyacquired groups. Bain Capital has bolstered its team of operational experts from about 10 to 40 since the start of the decade.
Mr Yeung is interested in TVB because it is by far the biggest terrestrial broadcaster in hong kong and has the world's largest library of Cantonese language content.
The world has not tackled the problems at the heart of the economic downturn and is likely to slip back into recession, says one of the few mainstream economists who predicted the crisis.
When someone comes to see you with a worry about their health, it helps if you can guess what they would like you to do. Often, they’re hoping that you’ll send them for a test. Or even several tests. By “tests”, people rarely mean the simple investigations you can do in clinic: blood sugar levels, oxygen saturations, a urine dipstick. These never seem to inspire as much confidence as X-rays or blood tests, or anything involving a consent form. While many people hate hospitals – anxiety, fuss, too hot, too busy – some greet the prospect of an X-ray with beaming relief. Nothing could be more popular – except for a CT scan. You can almost see people thinking: “At last – answers! Results!” There is no doubt medical investigations are potentially invaluable. So why are we always withholding them, a patient with backache asked me. Why not do some tests, if we have so many available?
Seasoned China hands will smell a rat. GCL Solar, or Silicon Technology Holdings as it was then known, sought to list in new york last summer. Roiled markets put paid to that  instead, investors are now being treated to a classic related party transaction. Zhu Gong Shan, chairman and, together with his family, controlling shareholder of GCL-Poly, is also the major vendor. Thus Mr Zhu, rather than any industrial logic, is the real driver of this deal. Any synergies between coal-fired plants and those producing polysilicon are few.
His 23-year jail sentence for sexual assault and third-degree rape is six years short of the maximum sought by prosecutors, but 18 years more than his lawyers had requested in an extraordinary plea for leniency. Weinstein “like most people, is complicated”, they wrote this week. The trial “did not fairly portray who he is as a person”.
“It's a bit of a [misleading] number because the dollars don't exist,” said one person familiar with the situation.
The writer is China’s ambassador to the UK
hong kong closed more than 5 per cent lower, its biggest one-day fall since September 2001. This marks a drop from last year’s high of more than 20 per cent, the common definition of a bear market.
A priority is to begin dismantling the sanctions that have crippled Myanmar’s economy. Yet this should not be done overnight. The transition to democracy in one of Asia’s poorest nations has only just begun, and incentives need to stay in place to ensure that reactionary forces are not tempted to force a U-turn before the general election in 2015.
Meeting in Beijing on Tuesday, Kazakhstan’s president, Nursultan Nazarbayev, and chinese leader hu jintao signed a series of agreements including high-speed rail, uranium supplies and a $5bn energy infrastructure loan.
China has launched its largest-ever dollar-denominated government bond in a $6bn fundraising that drew substantial interest from yield-starved global investors and provides a reference point for the pricing of Chinese companies’ international debt.
I've used the same comment on leaving cards for more than br20 years. It's suitably ambiguous: “Things won't be the same without you . . . ”
Bank insiders said the proceeds would boost Barclays' 7 per cent tier one capital ratio &ndash  a measure of its balance sheet strength &ndash  by more than 1 percentage point, and bring it nearer to the expectations of the financial services Authority.
But Libor still shows that all is not well. The extra &ldquo spread&rdquo  of Libor over the Fed funds rate, a measure of banks' trust in each other, is almost 0.75 percentage points &ndash  far below its extreme following the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy last September, but no lower than it was ahead of that disaster, and far above the spreads that were typical before the crisis first took hold.
News that the number of jobseekers had dropped by a seasonally adjusted 84,000 to 4.4m, the fourth consecutive month-on-month fall and the third biggest since the early 1990s, came as the european central bank was expected to raise interest rates tomorrow.
"Go to Topshop and find out," I usually say, which is not meant to be obnoxious but honest. Generally, I find the high street chains' designers more straightforward in their sense of what's about to be hot than myself. I tend to get distracted and go off on all sorts of digressions. Like this.
A new currency is no guarantee of stability. If anything, it makes it more important to get other policies right. A euroised country can only expand its money supply through more exports or capital inflows. As neither are plentiful now, that means making other painful adjustments. These would require the flexibility most of eastern europe lacks &ndash  except, perhaps, the Baltic states. When Ecuador first adopted the dollar, for example, it was compared to an optimistic but overweight woman who had bought a dress two sizes too small. Ecuador is still struggling into that dress.
donald trump has revived a threat to shut down the us government if Congress does not fund his plans to build a wall at the Mexican border, signalling his determination to press his hardline immigration stand in the lead-up to the November midterm elections.
This week the "Thought Leader Index 2007" is published by a new "communications and thought leadership consultancy" called Ledbury Group. It went around asking chief executives, trade union leaders, editors (all thought leaders themselves, one assumes) to name their favourite thought leaders. The result, surely, gives an up-to-date snapshot of what the term actually means.
Polluters can get their names removed from Mr Ma's websites by fixing problems and asking a third party to audit operations.
Ofcom, the UK media regulator, has launched a formal investigation into China Global Television Network, the Chinese state broadcaster, after it allegedly aired forced confessions in Britain.
Shanghai, though, is not the only city in China with aspirations to be the main financial centre. Mr Eldon, now chairman of the Dubai international financial Centre, still watches the region closely and says: “There is a tussle within China over who will be the leading financial centre – and that could mean they are all kept busy on domestic matters for the foreseeable future.”
Apple is closing in on its largest ever acquisition with the planned $3.2bn purchase of Beats Electronics, the headphone maker and music streaming operator founded by music producer Jimmy Iovine and the hip-hop star Dr Dre.
Shares in Japanese console makers Nintendo and Sony dropped in morning trading on Wednesday as investors reacted to Google’s announcement overnight that it would push into the $135bn gaming industry with a cloud-based offering.
Europe has emerged as a leader in regulating technology companies, proposing nearly 200 new policies in the first half of 2019, according to a wide-ranging global survey.
One problem is the scale of American dependency on Chinese goods. Imports from China total $288bn a year, according to the US-China Business Council. That includes 40 per cent of us consumer goods and the great majority of toys. A second problem is that China's low prices have as much to do with the nature of its regime as with the competitiveness of its companies. Earlier this summer, Zheng Xiaoyu, an official who took bribes to approve some of the tainted medicines exported, was executed. One consultant on doing business in China was quoted as saying that the execution sends “a signal to both other suppliers and to the international community that China is concerned about the growing number of safety quality cases”. Well, it certainly does, but isn't there something macabre about this – an execution as a tool of product positioning? Then, last weekend, Zhang Shu-Hang, who ran Lee Der, the company implicated in the first lead-paint recall, committed suicide in one of his factories. According to The Washington Post, China's propaganda department has warned reporters to “abide by the tenets of Marxist journalism” in reporting on various contamination scandals.
Huang Lei, the company’s chief technical officer, said that even before the new virus was widely known about, he had begun to get requests from hospitals at the centre of the outbreak in Hubei province to update its software to recognise nurses wearing masks.
Some strategists warned that the markets might have become overly optimistic that a second round of quantitative easing in the US would anchor the economy to a sustainable recovery trajectory.
Michael Bloomberg’s flagship news and information terminal is promoting the billionaire media mogul’s run for the White House as the company faces questions over how to cover his candidacy.
Mr Zink says all business units have contributed to the turnround. A chunk of the remaining bad loans has been sold, cutting the non-performing loan ratio to 4 per cent from 5.8 per cent at the end of 2006.
Diageo and SABMiller, two of the world's most powerful drinks companies, have held detailed discussions with a view to breaking up Scottish & Newcastle, the UK brewer that has a half share in Russia's largest beer business.
At the annual meeting on Thursday of the National People’s Congress, China’s legislature, internet and ecommerce merited a dozen mentions, culminating in prime minister li keqiang announcing an “internet-plus action plan”.
The World Bank calculated that in just the first five months of last year, the government could have raised $9.5bn more if the flotations had been priced at the first-day closing levels – a figure that is $1.5bn more than the central government spent all last year on free education programmes.
The Department of Commerce said on Wednesday that the gap between us imports and exports shrank by 2.7 per cent to $54bn in July to its narrowest level in three months. It stood at $55.5bn the previous month.
The other challenge to crack is the global workforce of 3bn people, many based in offices where employers have done a China and blocked the site. The tech firm’s response has been to launch Facebook at Work, a business-friendly twin to the personal service. It has received a boost with the news this week that royal bank of Scotland will adopt it for its 100,000 staff by the end of 2016.
Iraqi oil production has risen to its highest level since the 2003 invasion on the back of improved security across the country, according to a new us government report.
A fresh mass outbreak of Covid-19 could increase the risks of an external debt crisis among emerging and developing economies which are vulnerable to sudden capital outflows, the IMF warned on Tuesday.
“We had the best new product introduction we ever had in the history of the company with the Hero 4 line,” said Mr Woodman. “We are very pleased with how the fourth quarter was going.”
However, the researchers were especially struck by the finding that a higher-earning woman tends to talk up her husband’s salary even more than he does. It is the financial equivalent of the tall woman ditching her own stilettos, and buying her spouse stacked heels — the Carla Bruni and nicolas sarkozy of wages, if you will.
While the number of individual projects from China – which was seventh – declined, the level of associated new and safeguarded jobs increased, indicating that chinese companies are placing larger projects in the UK.
That ratio has since come down to 5.5 per cent, thanks to a series of large capital injections and state-supported disposals, according to ICBC’s prospectus.
rupert murdoch is not strictly the founder of news corp – it started life as News Limited, the owner of an Adelaide newspaper, under his father – but he has embodied it for the past 59 years. The media empire is built around his gambles and opinions, with little regard to what others think.
It has been four years since a lethal combination of bad harvests, misguided trade policies and poor governance combined to create a global food crisis that put millions of lives and livelihoods at risk.
Pinduoduo, the Tencent-backed Chinese e-commerce group, was set up only three years ago and has reshaped China’s vibrant online shopping industry dominated by Alibaba and JD.com with its group discounts on everything from toilet paper to pot plants, targeting consumers in China’s smaller cities and rural areas.
Shortly after midnight the us president wrote in a tweet that “Hillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China” and called for unspecified action by the FBI and Department of Justice.
The private bank within a larger organisation still has its appeal. A big retail branch network and a well-known brand name are a great starting point.
As a sweeping generalisation, it seems to me that Americans and Canadians are motivated by fear of pollution  they buy bottled water for what it does eminot /i/emcontain. Mainland Europeans choose mineral waters according to their mineral content. But in Britain, it is the bottle that counts, the contents are of secondary importance.
Mr Sun rejected claims that the CSR push was a cynical attempt to fend off pressure for better labour and environmental standards, saying chinese companies needed higher standards to stay competitive. “By taking care of our workers' interests, the companies have increased productivity,” he said.
Morgan Stanley has put the sale of its stake in mainland brokerage china international capital corp on hold, telling private equity bidders including Bain Capital and TPG that their offers are too low as jittery equity markets continue to take a toll on deals.
The EU has long yearned for an agreement to allow its companies wider entry to the Chinese market, and the two sides agreed last year that it should be concluded by the end of 2020. Securing a deal would be a diplomatic coup for both powers. It would come weeks before the inauguration of US president-elect Joe Biden, which has the potential to foster improved transatlantic trade ties after tensions with the Trump administration.
Maybe the timing is as simple as Mr Li’s having his eye on a particular bargain, or that PAH’s international business is now bigger than its home base. There may be a regulatory angle too: direct ownership by the hong kong public, not through PAH, would likely make it politically harder to cut HK Electric’s current 9.9 per cent regulated returns when renegotiation looms. Limiting Mr Li’s income is one thing, hurting hard-working Hong Kongers is another.
But banks (particularly those swept up in the eurozone debt crisis) struggled to amass liquidity by the deadline. The need to hamster away available liquidity left them disinclined to lend. Cue Sunday’s regulatory easing by the Basel committee on banking supervision.
Several days of arm-twisting by top Republicans failed to quash a rebellion by conservative lawmakers, who say the plan remains short on spending cuts and lacks a constitutional amendment to force a balanced federal budget.
China is this year on track for its weakest annual growth since 1999 thanks to slowing domestic investment and limp demand from major export markets, particularly crisis-hit Europe, which has been the largest recipient of chinese exports for years.
The small business sector accounts for about a third of China’s consumption of everyday goods, according to a report by the research arm of Ant Financial, sister company of Alibaba.
There is a fin de siècle feel about China. Growth is fading fast but the stock market is galumphing to evermore exuberant, and seemingly irrational, heights. The property boom is over, as is easy government financing courtesy of land sales. Imports of commodities have slumped, as anyone in Brazil and Angola can tell you. Money is pouring out of China at an unprecedented rate and those who can are busily securing a foreign bolt-hole for themselves in case things turn sour.
One of my young daughter's favourite bedtime stories is A Birthday for Frances by Russell Hoban. I like it too, for the charming illustrations, hilarious dialogue and instruction in cutting-edge behavioural economics.
Prizes may be making a comeback because of all the money now available from private foundations – which demand results. Not only the X Prizes and the Millennium problems prize, but even the pneumococcal vaccine prize is part-funded by private money. Yet governments are getting in on the act. The US space and defence research agencies Nasa and Darpa both use innovation prizes, and other government agencies look likely to follow with, for example, an “H prize'' for advances in hydrogen fuel technology.
Barack Obama, who forged his political career by harnessing the power of the internet, was forced to admit that the launch of the online exchanges at the heart of his signature healthcare reforms had been botched.
On paper, the AEC’s aspirations resemble the early days of the European Economic Community. A blueprint agreed in 2007 envisaged a single market and production base, which included measures to standardise trade tariffs and dismantle non-tariff barriers, plus a free flow of services and investment. It allowed for more liberal migrations of skilled labour and freer interchanges of capital.
“If you search a vehicle's name on the internet, you will see pretty much the same information across Europe.
The sales were cheered by the investors as a sign the banks were cleaning up their balance sheets. But the banks' remaining exposure to the loans is less well understood, in part, because of the lack of public disclosure.
Few in Europe will be comforted to hear Alexander Medvedev of Gazprom, the giant Russian energy company, remark matter-of-factly that: “In 25 years' time, there will be only three major suppliers of natural gas – Russia, Iran and Qatar.” Meanwhile the Russian economy is growing fast and Russian foreign policy is becoming more assertive – fuelled by a booming energy industry.
The subsidiaries also made inter-company transfers worth $5bn to the bank's Japanese arm, which were invested in domestic property assets, while one Asian investment vehicle has a $500m position in Taiwan's landmark high-speed rail project
Mr Strauss-Kahn, 64, once tipped as a possible French Socialist party presidential candidate, replaces Rodrigo de Rato, the former Spanish finance minister, who announced his resignation in June for personal reasons.
Slightly more than a decade ago, I spent many hours at the Bank of Japan talking with officials about the paradoxes of ultra low rates. At the time, BoJ officials faced intense pressure from politicians and markets to boost growth  so they were duly implementing quantitative easing or their zero interest rate policy.
“Art data are not suitable for promoting art as an investment,” says Kevin Radell, who is in charge of financial products at Artnet.com. “Most indices aren’t meaningful as price performance guides. They can tell you something, but they cannot be considered a reliable guide in the same way as a stock or bond index. To pretend average price indices are the same as price performance indices is alchemy,” he says. “They are measuring different paintings, so they are meaningless from a financial point of view.”
In natural sciences, we take it for granted that researchers have to be well equipped to do experiments. Governments spend billions of dollars on huge particle accelerators to understand the inner workings of atoms. In economics and finance, however, universities struggle to get even a small budget to buy tick-by-tick data for one or two financial market instruments.
GPT-3, which stands for generative pre-trained transformer version three, is, in essence, a super-sophisticated auto-complete function, which sounds less than exciting. But what makes GPT-3 remarkable is its scale and flexibility and the possibilities for future development.
A few years ago Wired, the technology magazine, ran a regular feature called “Japanese schoolgirl watch”. The concept was not as dubious as it sounds. The idea was simply that the schoolgirls of Japan are technological trendsetters and that the gadgets they adopt today will go global tomorrow.
Now the company that developed Dragon Next - South Korea’s Eyedentity - has been acquired by China’s second-biggest online gaming publisher, Shanda Games, for $95m.
Steven Hess, senior credit officer at Moody's, said the deficits projected in the budget outlook presented by the obama administration outlook this week did not stabilise debt levels in relation to gross domestic product.
donald trump and hillary clinton scored sweeping victories on “Super Tuesday”, significantly raising the odds that the property mogul and the former secretary of state will face off in November’s presidential election.
Where tragedy turns into farce is the string of policy proposals by Angela Merkel, German chancellor. At one time, she advocated a united nations Economic Council as a co-ordinating body for global finance – an economic equivalent to the UN Security Council. At the recent Group of Four European summit, she pushed ahead with a proposal to regulate hedge funds and tax havens. Most recently she said that countries should co-ordinate the timing of their bond issues. All this would imply that the crisis was caused by hedge funds, by policy failures due to a lack of international organisations, and by the fact that the Americans and Europeans issue their bonds on the same day of the week. I shudder to think what she might propose next.
China has also let in international rescue experts for the first time – a team from Japan arrived on Friday, followed by specialists from Russia, Singapore, south korea and Taiwan – although some diplomats said that, by then, the chances of finding many survivors had already passed.
Take last week’s celebration in the depressed town of Saginaw, 150km north of Motown, at which General Motors marked the sale of Nexteer, its steering division to Pacific Century Motors, a consortium partly owned by Beijing’s municipal government.
Abraham Lincoln posed the question: "How many legs does a dog have if you call a tail a leg?" Honest Abe's answer was four. A tail is still a tail even if you call it a leg.
The deal represents the latest move by Jackson’s executors to clean up what was a tangle of assets encumbered by large debts at the time of his death in 2009.
The next two criteria measure the career success of alumni before and after the EMBA. “Career progress rank” quantifies changes in the level of seniority and the size of the company in which alumni now work versus before the EMBA. “Work experience rank” takes into account the seniority of alumni, the size of the company they worked for, the length of time they stayed there and any international work experience all before they began the EMBA.
In Japan, at least, signs of change are in the air. mr abe is among the rightwingers who favour the promotion of patriotism in Japanese schools but, in a surprise judgment in favour of liberals last week, a Tokyo court ruled that Japanese teachers do not have to sing the national anthem or stand to attention before the rising sun flag. Several had been fired and hundreds more punished for disobeying a 2003 directive from Tokyo’s nationalist-led metropolitan government.
There is always the chance that a consultancy can lose talented staff for other reasons. Jonathan Schwartz, Sun Microsystems' chief executive and a former McKinsey consultant, was underwhelmed by some of things he saw going on within client organisations. “I remember meeting people and thinking: ‘Hold on, I can do this better than they can,'&#8202 ” he recently told BusinessWeek magazine. He did not remain a consultant for very long.
Brazil has also taken a hit from the sweeping “Car Wash” investigation into corruption at Petrobras, the state-owned oil company, which has paralysed congress and the corporate sector.
The report finds that the number of cyber-espionage incidents and computer attacks on critical national infrastructure are rapidly increasing around the world.
Finally, the region's economies depend on developments elsewhere, such as the impact of west European governments' bank support schemes on the foreign subsidiaries of their domestic banks.
The controversy over the so-called Lehman Brothers minibonds, which went sour after the us investment bank collapsed in September, sparked a protest movement in the territory. BoC accounted for about half of all minibond sales.
China’s annual legislative session will open this week with the traditional stirring music and long speeches but the mood among the thousands of bureaucrats who make up the audience is expected to be unusually gloomy.
China's decision to postpone its requirement that all new personal computers sold in the country be loaded with web-filtering software is something of a climbdown. Beijing appears to have underestimated the backlash, at home and abroad, against its attempt to extend significantly the reach of its policing of the internet.
Of course, none of these problems need be insurmountable. If the optimism afoot last week in the equity world spreads into the credit sector this week, then trust will be restored. What the financial world needs, in other words, is to heed the advice dished out in the second world war: just stay calm (preferably with a nice cup of tea). But the events of last week have left patience and sanity in short supply. This is a monumental psychological war  Paulson – and the rest of the us policy world – cannot afford to put a foot wrong now.
She is now perceived with less reverence and her flaws are more quickly acknowledged. Even Dr Williams's prayer refers to her “vulnerability”.
China responded to the US measures, triggering additional tariffs on us goods including crude oil, although the outlook improved later last week when both countries agreed to restart trade talks— a breakthrough after weeks without positive news on the matter.
The federal government plan will cut the quota for the year to the end of June from 133,500 to 115,000, following news that the unemployment rate increased to 5.2 per cent in February from 4.8 per cent in January.
hong kong will quarantine all arrivals to the city from Thursday and expects to expand school closures beyond April as it seeks to control the number of coronavirus cases in the city, chief executive carrie lam said on Tuesday.
Sweetness in wine, known as “residual sugar” or RS, is usually measured in grams per litre of liquid, although Americans generally express it as a percentage. It is impossible to get RS levels down to zero (wine starts out as very sweet grape juice) but the general threshold of perception of sweetness is around 2g/l (or 0.2 per cent). Most fine red wine is well below this, often less than 1g/l, so doesn’t taste at all sweet.
"I don't think they'd do such a thing again,' says Denis Mahon, the art historian. But just to make sure, in 1997 he bequeathed 58 works from his admired collection of Italian baroque paintings to the UK charity the Art Fund, which lends them to public galleries and makes sure the terms of his donation are met. Formerly called the National Art Collections Fund, the Art Fund has a long track record.
For the US, digital wallets would have radically improved the government’s ability to help individuals and small businesses in this pandemic. Americans who signed up for direct deposit received stimulus payments much more quickly than those waiting for paper cheques and the government is still building up its capacity to send prepaid debit cards to those without bank accounts. In a cashless economy with individual digital accounts these distributions would happen far faster.
But investors have started to become squeamish. Aggregate deal value in the Chinese IT sector in the second quarter of 2019 was $2.2bn, compared with $26.4bn for the same period a year earlier, according to data provider Preqin.
The British prime minister’s official Twitter account (15,400 tweets so far) hasn’t used the word “Brexit” since the UK left the EU on January 31. Boris Johnson’s personal account has given Brexit just one passing mention since February 1.
Two US senators on Thursday abandoned their legislation to impose 27.5 per cent tariffs on Chinese imports, but promised a broader-based attempt next year to encourage China to revalue its currency.
A police department in California plans to use drones equipped with loudspeakers and cameras to enforce a coronavirus lockdown.
“When the M&A spigot dries up for a while — and truth be told, we don’t know how long that will be — it will become more apparent how well each business model weathers that,” said Paul Taubman, chief executive of the advisory firm PJT Partners.
But the same students did not rate themselves highly when it came to team-working roles that require support and co-operation – the very kind of working practices expected in most large organisations.
He said global biofuel demand could increase from 10bn gallons a year in 2005 to 25bn gallons annually by 2010, an annualised growth rate of 20 per cent.
The costs of constructing London's 2012 Olympic venues have risen since the city won the right to host the games. Last month, members of parliament expressed concern that critical decisions remained unresolved, such as the role of the venues after the games and the costs of security.
Given this catastrophe, it is hardly surprising that the voters have rejected the previous government and the policies that, at the behest of the creditors, it — somewhat halfheartedly — pursued. As Alexis Tsipras, the new prime minister, has said, Europe is founded on the principle of democracy. The people of Greece have spoken. At the very least, the powers that be need to listen. Yet everything one hears suggests that demands for a new deal on debt and austerity will be rejected more or less out of hand. Fuelling that response is a large amount of self-righteous nonsense. Two moralistic propositions in particular get in the way of a reasonable reply to Greek demands.
The construction of the 4,000km pipeline from the Tarim field in the far west of the country to Shanghai and the markets of the east coast has enabled gas production to grow 84 per cent in the past four years.
The Home Office may have falsely accused as many as 7,000 foreign students of faking their proficiency in English and ordered them to leave the country, with some of them saying they were detained and made homeless as a result.
﻿Shares in chinese carmaker Geely  jumped on Wednesday following reports that it is in talks with Daimler to launch ride-hailing services in China.
Most anniversaries pass unnoticed, and rightly so. But this one matters. The era of the Great Society was perhaps the last time Americans thought government could improve their lives. The 1964 election pitted Johnson against Barry Goldwater, an unapologetic advocate of a minimal state. Johnson won in a landslide.
Gary Suen, director in global market equities at Deutsche Bank, says: “In Hong Kong, the majority of warrants investors are retail. There are also professional investors, including hedge funds, but they use over-the-counter products versus exchange-listed warrants in order to execute larger trades.”
It wasn’t until she was 17 that she had her first tattoo. Today most of her body is covered, she says, apart from a “few bits on [her] sides”. She has stopped working on her body though rarely feels self-conscious if anyone is staring at her: “I don’t even think about it. I guess the older I get I don’t mind.”
For interbank lenders, including some of China’s largest financial institutions, the treatment of Baoshang represents a sharp shift in the rules of the market.
Across emerging markets, auto sales rose at a seasonally adjusted 3.7 per cent month-on-month rate in September, building on a 2.7 per cent rise in August, according to country-by-country data collated by JPMorgan.
Yet mr huang is no ordinary Chinese banker. Henglong Small-Sum Loan, the lender he heads based in the coastal city of Wenzhou, is at the heart of an official reform experiment that aims to alter the shape of China’s economy by loosening the government’s grip on the financial sector.
With his decision earlier this month to take on a Donald Trump-allied tabloid that exposed his extramarital affair, that changed: even the Post’s Watergate-weathered Bob Woodward wrote of how proud he was that his proprietor had exposed what he claimed was an attempted shakedown by the National Enquirer. Suddenly, the billionaire who has put 100m Alexa listening devices in our living rooms was being hailed as a champion of individuals’ privacy.
The decline follows a contraction in the final quarter of last year and will probably strengthen calls for greater government spending on relief and reconstruction, despite widespread worries about the impact of the extra borrowing required on an already highly indebted state.
4.6 times higher than flows into developed funds since the beginning of October. But the wave of risk revulsion, post-Dubai, should have been a reminder that today's inflows can become tomorrow's outflows.
Mr Wynn had yet to take his first bet in Macao and was already up almost $200m. Mr Adelson had no rights to sell as he was already operating under a subconcession from his former local partner.
Despite government efforts in Tokyo to assemble an “all Japan” consortium to buy Toshiba Memory, the business was sold to a consortium led by Bain for $18bn in 2018.
It was the latest sign for many investors that the long-held principle of “one share, one vote” was being eroded by companies, which readily accept fund managers and pension funds’ money but were, the investors believed, increasingly unwilling to give them sufficient say on how those businesses were run.
Over the summer, the gallery closed for renovations. When it reopened in August, a quote from  president xi jinping in Chinese and English, praising the country’s economic transformation, had replaced the frieze.
Cathy was one of two tetraplegic patients taking part in a clinical trial of the BrainGate brain-computer interface developed at Brown.
When it comes to defending themselves against accusations of wrongdoing, management teams and their complacent boards follow a well-worn routine. Their immediate reaction is to issue a blanket denial and announce that an independent committee of directors will investigate the accusations. The committee duly appoints an independent law firm to oversee the investigation, and the consulting arm of a Big Four accountancy to pore over the books.
The oil market’s biggest nightmare briefly came true in 2019 — an attack that knocked out more than half of all production in Saudi Arabia, the world’s biggest crude exporter.
The World Bank crisis enters what is likely to be its decisive phase today, when the panel investigating Paul Wolfowitz presents its final report to the full bank board.
The trade deficit in goods and services shrank to $52.5bn last month from $55bn in August, in line with economists expectations, according to a Reuters survey. That was the slimmest deficit since April, according to a report from the Commerce Department.
China’s telecoms equipment maker Huawei has a $30bn line of credit with more money on tap. So, when Saudi Telecomteamed up with Maxis Communications, a Malaysian telecoms company, to buy a stake in an Indonesian telecoms operator, CDB lent $400m to finance contracts from Huawei.
The dominant view in the west is that the “bromance” between mr putin and mr xi masks an awkward relationship, in which mutual trust is conspicuously absent. But this obscures a more complex picture. The truth is that Russian and Chinese national interests tend to coincide precisely in areas where they oppose those of the west.
The Edinburgh collection will be open to the public this year on September 29.
Meanwhile, Chinese borrowers have shunned offshore renminbi debt, known better as “dim sum” bonds. The total raised in the market this year is only $250m, a dramatic drop from the $6.6bn issued during the first three months of last year. us dollar borrowing has been steadily high, with $16.3bn of bonds sold this year.
saudi aramco launched its long-awaited initial public offering on Sunday, kicking off the centrepiece of crown prince mohammed bin Salman’s ambitious plan to overhaul the kingdom’s oil-addicted economy.
After 26 years at the Wharton school, most latterly as deputy dean, Prof Schmittlein is well attuned to what the us business world is thinking and he believes there are convulsive changes afoot on business leaders' agendas. Twenty years ago the global supply chain was the all-consuming problem. Ten years ago, e-commerce was the biggest threat – and opportunity. Today, business leaders are worried about two issues, he says: sustainability and what this means for their companies, and how to compete in a “flat” world – how to form partnerships.
Even the european central bank is now contemplating greater disclosure. With its fondness for consensus over dispute, the ECB has hitherto kept its monetary deliberations secret. Now it is following the lead of others such as Sweden’s Riksbank and the Fed by publishing meeting minutes, albeit after a delay of a few weeks.
&ldquo I presided over the worst deal of the century, apparently, and I guess it's time for those who are involved in companies to stand up and say: you know what, I'm solely responsible for it,&rdquo  said Mr Levin. &ldquo I was in charge. I'm really very sorry about the pain and the suffering and loss that was caused. I take responsibility.&rdquo
Ankara said Berat Albayrak, finance minister, would announce a “new economic model” on Friday and suggested that the government would seek to cool the economy to address investors’ concerns about unbalanced growth and excessive dependency on short-term funds from abroad.
Coca-Cola, the world’s largest soft drinks company by revenues, said on Thursday it was ramping up its focus on China with a $4bn investment over the next three years.
China stands for active participation in international forums and multilateral co-operation. We have shouldered our obligation and responsibilities in the past, pushed forward the “post-Kyoto protocol” negotiations, and made strenuous efforts in all negotiations. China has also created an environment that has facilitated the progress of many projects under the clean development mechanism.
Even if the exit negotiations go well, the decision to leave the EU will have huge consequences for the UK. Economically, it will lose favourable access to by far its biggest market. Politically, it will create great stresses inside the UK and Ireland. Strategically, it will eject the UK from its role in EU councils. The UK will be poorer, more divided and less influential.
Japan’s consular advice might seem a moot point during a pandemic when borders are slamming shut  Thailand itself classifies Japan as a “high-risk country” for Covid-19.
Mr Hu's task – managing domestic sentiment while attempting to find a work­able compromise – was evident in one of the main issues between the powers at the summit: imposing sanctions on Iran. Barack Obama, US president, has to find a similar balance.
Twenty-five people had been arrested, commissioner Stephenson added. The majority of the arrests were made in London with some in the Thames Valley, west of London, and Birmingham. Of the 25 people arrested, 21 remained in custody and searches were ongoing at a number of addresses, and nine homes were evacuated in High Wycombe.
Higher food prices fuelled a rise in chinese inflation in March, while the pace of deflation in producer prices moderated from the previous month.
Of course, recipient countries could limit new coal power plant construction through their own domestic energy, air quality, water, and climate policies. In 2016, colleagues and I determined that between 2001 and 2016, chinese financial institutions supported the construction of more than 50 coal-fired power plants abroad that were either under construction or operational.
We fear that the renminbi’s fall below Rmb7 per dollar on August 5 will act as just such a catalyst — this time, for the onset of a global debt crisis that has long been in the category of an accident waiting to happen.
Are your European assets Greek euros, or Spanish euros, or Finnish euros, or German euros? The defining feature of a single currency is that no one asks that question. They do not distinguish Massachusetts dollars from Californian dollars and they do not – yet – ask whether the pounds they hold are Scottish or English.
According to media reports, most local analysts feel the market's bull run remains intact, although a period of consolidation now looks likely.
We had come to the Greek capital for a five-day immersion in classical Athens. I studied classics at university. Ned is thinking of doing the same. From our first encounter, it was clear to me that if anyone was going to make the case for a revival of classics it was Heinrich Hall, our guide. A tweed-jacketed German archaeologist, he had a Homeric love of storytelling, an Irish lilt — courtesy of studying at University College, Dublin — and an infectious enthusiasm for all things Athenian.
The 2017 rankings feature the top 60 pre-experience courses for students with little or no background in the industry and the top six post-experience programmes for professionals already working in the sector. Only a handful of schools offer post-experience courses.
hedge funds are slowly worming their way back into the portfolios of European investors. But the story is different in Asia, where liquidity-conscious, fast-trading entrepreneurs get nervous about hedge funds’ notoriously long lock-up times and the very mention of a “sidepocket”.
The US, followed by the UK, has the most sophisticated range of products available to savers and investors in the Group of Eight rich countries.  The large continental european economies – France, Germany and Italy – follow some way behind, and Japan and Russia come after that. That ranking is also the ranking of national savings rates, with the US and the UK at the bottom and Japan and Russia at the top.
I approach the notion of a UBI from a position of scepticism. In recent years, the popularity of such a scheme has surged. Many have seen it as a necessary response to the threat of automation, a way to support displaced workers who might find themselves without a job, and an income, in the future.
The strong monthly readings from ADP and the Institute for Supply Management on Wednesday added to a string of encouraging news on the health of the US economy, which has recovered from the recession of 2007-2009 at a sluggish pace but has recently been showing signs of more rapid growth.
A man who participated in a violent attack in northwestern China this month said he had been recruited to participate in a “holy war”, according to a rare confession broadcast by state media at the weekend.
If buying chinese shares was not already sufficiently entertaining, Imax is about to increase the thrill factor still further — by listing shares in its China unit on Hong Kong’s stock market.
The course is now such an integral part of training at Samsung and Kyobo that they have even built their own fake funeral centres. international companies including ING and Allianz have also sent their staff on the courses.
But that was my reaction last week to a discussion at Columbia University’s Center on Capitalism and Society. Both protagonists are professors at Northwestern University in Illinois. In one corner was Robert Gordon, famous for his pessimistic view of the technological future. In the other was Joel Mokyr, the pre-eminent modern economic historian of technology.
While the broader market only gained 1.5 per cent on February 26, Shenzhen Emperor Technology surged nearly 10 per cent when trading started.
Vastu is the new feng shui – or, rather, the old one, given that some say the former inspired the latter. Before sceptics throw themselves into their latest water feature at the thought of another eastern design philosophy, however, they should bear this in mind: around 40 per cent of the world’s most expensive real estate is bought by Asian buyers for whom the “energy” of a house can be important – and vastu is already impacting on non-Asian design.
Akio Toyoda, Toyota's chief executive, said he would travel to the US to explain to consumers the company's response to its quality problems, as he announced a global recall of 437,000 hybrid vehicles, including the flagship Prius.
Men in rich countries are more faithful. In Switzerland, just 3 per cent of married or cohabiting men said they cheated in the past year, according to a 1997 survey for the New Encounter Module Project  compared with 2.5 per cent in Australia. The exception is Scandinavia. In Norway, nearly 11 per cent of married or partnered men and 6.6 per cent of women had more than one lover in the past year. The UK follows close behind, with 9.3 per cent of married or cohabiting men and 5.1 per cent of married or cohabiting women confessing to multiple sex partners.
Two people familiar with the situation said Cellectis was in negotiations over a deal but warned that no outcome was certain. One person said Pfizer had informally approached the company about a deal that could value the target at as much as €1.5bn.
Bond investors pushed a key measure of US inflation expectations yesterday to its highest level since 2006, in response to last week’s aggressive policy action by the Federal Reserve.
More than 40 European companies, including Tesco and Marks and Spencer, have warned that they were planning to boycott Brazilian products if the bill passes. A vote in Congress is due in the coming days.
Shanghai Vision offers foreign investors access to the market with considerably less red tape. However, you cannot live in your investment. The group finds tenants and controls the relationship with them. You can sell at any time but you could get less than your investment if there were a property market downturn. Another downside is the group will only guarantee your annual rental yield of 6 to 7 per cent for a five-year period. Thereafter you are subject to the vagaries of the market.
Board structures at chinese companies can lead to “confusion, ambiguity and potentially . . . undermine the board of directors”, according to a study of the corporate governance risks faced by investors in China.
The wine-in-China story is one with many different and often unrelated facets. There is the surge of imported wine into the country, the great volume of it pretty ordinary stuff, imported in bulk to be given labels which bear only the most creative relationship to any known brand in their place of origin. One of my favourites is Château Lateet, prominent when the reclame of Bordeaux first growth Château Lafite was at its height in China. “Bordeaux Port” on a label decorated with a fair copy of the engraving on a Lafite label was good too.
When Greg Smith announced his resignation from Goldman Sachs earlier this year, in the form of a new york times op-ed, it made headlines around the world and sent shockwaves through the investment bank.
Under the agreement – signed during a trip to China by Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister – Cnooc’s engineering arm offshore oil Engineering (Zuhai) is to build 100 shells and components that will then be shipped to a Scottish fabrication yard for assembly and fit out.
&ldquo Prospective product ann-ouncements should not necessarily be inferred from our patent applications,&rdquo  a Google spokesman said. &ldquo We file patent applications on a variety of ideas that our employees come up with. Some of those ideas later mature into real products or services  some don't.&rdquo
The answer, according to Ask.com, is to make a virtue of its size, its brand and its distinctive approach to technology. Even in a market where Google, Microsoft and Yahoo hog the headlines, there may be room for something different. Think of it like trying to create a new television network, says Mr Lanzone: the power of the three biggest US networks did not stop Fox or Warner Bros entering the business. “It’s not a question of being better – it’s just different,” adds Rahul Lahiri, head of product management. “It isn’t a zero-sum game.”
First, Switzerland's currency already acts as a proxy for the German economy. Germany is the leading destination for Swiss exports, accounting for almost twenty per cent just last year. As a result, Switzerland's economy is tied to Germany's, with Swiss gdp growth and Germany's IFO index of business confidence exhibiting a close relationship.
Lower tax rates, as opposed to rebates, are worse in this regard because they are not self-correcting. Ask president george W. Bush. His tax cuts were scheduled to expire in 2010 – not because he wanted this to happen, but because it disguised a deteriorating fiscal outlook. One thing mr obama and mr mccain agreed on was that the Bush tax cuts should be maintained (for 95 per cent of working households, at any rate).
Across the water from the new berths, the port’s existing berths regularly handle ships – such as Maersk Line’s E-Class ships, that carry 15,500 twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) of containers – with nearly twice the capacity of the biggest vessels seven years ago.
China is for the first time emitting more carbon pollution per person than the EU, birthplace of the industrial revolution.
Elsewhere, pressure on the Reserve Bank of India has not eased despite an 11 per cent rise in the rupee so far this year against the dollar and several attempts at restricting capital inflows.
Some historical context is useful here. The “agreed framework” signed by the US and north korea in 1993 required the north koreans to replace their graphite-moderated nuclear reactors with “light-water” ones, which are proliferation resistant. However, differences between the parties on the implementation of the agreement later led to north korea announcing that it would resume its nuclear programme.
Mr Seilli&egrave re, 71, is to leave BusinessEurope on June 30 and will be replaced by J&uuml rgen Thumann, 57, a businessman who served for the past three years as head of the Federation of German Industry.
The US presidential campaign has turned its attention to world affairs. It would be an exaggeration to say that the debate has been uplifting. Behind the mudslinging, however, lie some uncomfortable truths for the winner of November’s election. Threats to bomb Iran and staying out of Syria do not add up to a coherent Middle East policy.
As for the rest of Asia, economies such as those of the Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and India provide investors with plenty of scope for emerging market investing, he adds.
Experiments to investigate the proposed “scalar gravitational particle”, to give it its more formal name, will begin in November or December at Cern.
Europe’s venture capital market recovered sharply last year, as money raised by funds investing in start-ups and early-stage companies rose 60 per cent to the highest level since the peak of the internet bubble in 2000.
richard li and his Chinese state-owned partner have offered to take the tycoon's hong kong telecommunications company private, in a cash deal worth US$1.9bn.
But this &ldquo high-frequency trading&rdquo  is estimated to account for well over half of daily volume in US stocks, up from estimates of 30 per cent in 2005. It is based on extracting tiny slices of profit from trading small numbers of shares in companies, often between different trading platforms, with success relying on minimal variations in speed &ndash  or &ldquo latency&rdquo , in the trading vernacular.
Most of all, officials are concerned about the environmental and energy aspects of the steel boom. According to a recent paper by Dan Rosen and Trevor Houser at China Strategic Advisory, the energy intensity of chinese growth - the amount of energy needed for each unit of GDP - declined in the 1980s and 1990s. However, in this decade it has risen sharply. The reason has been the shift in the economy towards steel and other forms of heavy industry, which use large amounts of energy.
Governments and consumer goods groups increasingly accept the need for action to clean up the quantities of plastic littering the oceans (one estimate puts it at 800m tonnes)  and to reduce the amount of stuff entering the system.
Stop right there, say the company’s fans. Next is not the right benchmark. This is an internet stock. Think WhatsApp. Think Facebook. What if every 20 year old in the world bought one item per year at Asos? How big could the company be then? sales growth of 26 per cent a year is hugely impressive and Asos’s growth rates are even higher in the US and continental Europe. And there are no physical stores to run, with their property and staff costs.
mr modi indicated his determination to implement vital structural reforms in last month’s speech to the annual meeting of the world economic forum in Davos. His agenda is impressive and wide-ranging. The Economic Survey argues that the slowdown of the Indian economy in 2016 and early 2017 has already been reversed: it is now full(ish) speed ahead. Yet, on the basis of what has happened so far, a reasonable bet could be that growth will stabilise somewhere between 7 and 8 per cent a year, provided, significantly, the global environment remains supportive. In all, India should regain the title of “fastest-growing large economy in the world” from China, this year.
Blocked by Beijing from maintaining diplomatic ties with most of the world and barred from many global organisations, Taiwan is turning to museum diplomacy to boost its international standing and highlight its history as a regional entrepôt rather than a province of China.
China is increasingly seen as a responsible stakeholder, given its shared concern about terrorism, weapons proliferation and narcotics trafficking in and from Afghanistan and Pakistan. A possible US-China security partnership in Pakistan would also reduce Pakistan's concern about India, increasing prospects for co-operation against Islamist militants.
Senator Sam Brownback, a conservative Kansas Republican, yesterday criticised mr obama for supporting “property” over “life”.
Elizabeth Bosher, Asia- Pacific managing director at Landrum & Brown, which provides consulting services to Chinese airports, said: “You can build the airports and buy the planes but you still need the people to maintain and repair them. There is so much expansion going on across the country that training will be top priority for at least the next 10 years.”
Disney Plus has been a knockout success, signing up more than 70m subscribers in its first year to cement the Mickey Mouse empire as a serious competitor to Netflix, whose boss Reed Hastings had expected its new rival to secure 20m customers “at best”.
The bidding round could see Asian groups and home-grown companies carve out a greater share of Africa's biggest energy industry, the fifth-largest crude supplier to the US.
The explosions occurred on August 12 at a warehouse for toxic chemicals including sodium cyanide, which can be lethal if ingested or inhaled. chinese authorities said on Sunday that the disaster zone was safe and secure, denying earlier state media reports of large-scale evacuations.
Yet even if these various initiatives are a success, Chinese emissions will continue to rise as the economy grows and the new coal-fired stations come online. This means that China will be a central actor in future climate change negotiations.
&ldquo Though India has a huge household stock of around 20,000 to 25,000 tonnes of gold, there was no single market available where this could be sold,&rdquo  said Anjani Sinha, managing director and chief executive officer of the National Spot Exchange.
As a result of assiduous pre-Olympic efforts by Nike in China during the past few years, 22 of the 28 Chinese Olympic federation teams will be equipped by Nike. This has required Nike to spend money on developing products of limited commercial potential, such as its new “Ippeas” riding boot with molded and detachable plastic spurs developed for the equestrian team by a US designer who normally works on the “urban” Jordan brand. Nike has also created products for two new Olympic events: emiwushu/i/em, the Chinese martial art  and BMX bicycle riding.
mr trump must have been tempted to order the us treasury to recast its criteria so it could have named China a currency manipulator, after it let the renminbi depreciate roughly 10 per cent against the dollar over the past six months as the US imposed tariffs on Chinese imports.
Mr Kelleher said he did not believe there were any political or regulatory implications with the investment but added it had been discussed with the us authorities “at the highest level”.
The White House has privately asked Jimmy Carter, the former us president who previously served as an envoy between Washington and Pyongyang, not to attempt any rapprochement that could hurt efforts to put pressure on Kim Jong Un’s regime.
The politically toxic subject of financial support for Greece burst into Germany’s election campaign yesterday as Wolfgang Schäuble, finance minister, acknowledged for the first time Athens would need a third bailout.
But only 20 mostly small economies, many of them in effect client states of China, will become founding members of the bank at the ceremony in Beijing after Washington lobbied furiously to stop other countries from signing up.
Apple blamed speculation about the launch of new larger iPhones in September for causing “purchasing delays”, leaving group sales in the three months to June slightly weaker than expected at $37.4bn.
No one can be strong when China is weak. That, at least, appeared to be the message from the economic data this week. New data suggest lacklustre growth in China – sparking nervous sell-offs in other countries. A one-day decline of over 7 per cent in the Nikkei stock market index might seem like an overreaction but, last year, China was Japan’s most important export destination, accounting for more than 18 per cent of its goods exports. China now accounts for one-quarter of South Korea’s exports. China is also the third-largest destination for US exports, after Mexico and Canada.
Even though Iran’s economy is contracting and under enormous pressure because of sanctions, it is much more elastic than most people surmise. Tehran holds enough foreign reserves to cover its imports for 10 months – one of the healthiest import cover levels of any emerging economy. The fiscal deficit is relatively small and public debt is less than 10 per cent of gross domestic product.
share prices in UK high street banks have fallen so sharply – leaving RBS with a market capitalisation of about &pound 4bn and Barclays worth &pound 6bn – that some financiers and politicians are calling for the uk government to end the uncertainty and take them into public ownership.
Partly as a result, new car registrations rose 40 per cent year on year in June, the first increase in 12 months.
Some 200 years later, that giant has awoken and Napoleon was right: China is now astonishing the world. In the past three decades, it has roused itself from a slumber to a state of almost unimaginable vibrancy. The roll-call of economic trophies it now claims is daunting: largest exporter, importer, foreign exchange reserve owner, commodity consumer, luxury goods market, most car sales, most internet users, even (in purchasing power parity terms) biggest economy.
MBAs will serve themselves well by highlighting their coursework in areas such as ethics and leadership, and the increasingly international nature of the top business school programmes. MBAs also have an edge over other graduates in understanding the global economy and interacting with those from different cultures.
For investors, the main issue is the second failing – in the safety nets that can catch disastrous risk-taking in rare moments when models are irrelevant. This is not just about systems and processes. It is about culture and psychology  about when, for instance, you force traders to close out positions and take hits, even though they – and maybe most others – believe the trade will work out with just a bit more time
Boeing is being forced to increase its research and development spending by several hundred million dollars to overcome problems in its 787 Dreamliner development programme and meet its target for first delivery in May next year.
There are signs, however, that the online MBA could become the most popular option eventually. A growing number of teaching institutions and students are embracing qualifications that are delivered entirely or mainly over the internet. Online education is coming of age.
Should we be as confident? I can see two big reasons why the answer should be “yes” and two why it might be “no”.
Still, Burma's generals seem unlikely to follow the example of Indonesia and other countries hit by the 2004 tsunami, which allowed US forces – and equipment – to help the relief effort.
What is the right course for monetary policy? The international monetary fund seems to answer with forked tongue. Its latest world economic outlook urges that monetary policy should stay loose to stimulate growth. Yet its global financial stability Review warns that loose monetary policy risks creating financial instability, which could crimp growth. In fact the best policy is to print money and raise interest rates. That sounds contradictory, but it is not.
Mr Trump’s first full summit with mr putin comes at the end of a turbulent week of shoot-from-the-hip diplomacy in Europe, where he berated Nato military allies and openly criticised Britain’s prime minister, raising concern in Washington of how he will treat the Russian leader.
Mr Blunkett now admits: "At one point I really did think I was going mad. I was under the most horrendous pressure. I was barely sleeping and yet I was being asked to sign government warrants in the middle of the night." Work does not appear to have offered any salvation. "I probably overdid it, compared with colleagues. My physical and emotional health had cracked . . . In the early part of last year [2005], after my resignation as home secretary, I was probably clinically depressed."
Once in a generation, an automation scare triggers a bout of enthusiasm for a universal basic income — a payment made to all citizens regardless of work, wealth or their social contribution. Today’s discussion of the merits of UBI echoes similar debates in the 1960s and 1990s. But the appeal of this palliative for the replacement of humans by machines is misplaced.
Indian IT companies, which are heavy users of skilled H-1B visas to the US, have cut hiring from domestic university campuses after new legislation was proposed that would tighten US rules on skilled immigration.
Europeans, if not yet the Chinese, have alighted on the city as the mainland venue for top-notch international art events. This autumn has seen a flurry of firsts. In September was the inaugural ShContemporary, China's first truly international, modern and contemporary art fair, directed by Swiss dealer Pierre Huber and former Art Basel impresario Lorenzo Rudolf. In October came China's first international art, antiques and jewellery fair, the creation of Shanghai-based Belgian Maximin Berko and Nicolo Mori, his Italian business partner. This was followed by the Shanghai eArts Festival, China's first – and the world's largest – festival dedicated to digital arts.
In November, China Central Television, China's main state broadcaster, twice attacked Baidu's practice of mixing paid search results with “organic” ones. It also criticised Baidu for carrying unlicensed medical websites among its search results.
Each of these groups has taken its reputational hits in the recent past, notes Richard Edelman, chief executive of the communications consultancy that has commissioned the survey since the start of the decade.
The dramatic moves highlight the growing influence of retail traders, who have organised on the message board site Reddit. The group has focused on pushing up stocks that are the subject of large short bets by hedge funds. Their success in rallying the stock price of GameStop has vindicated a group now targeting companies on both sides of the Atlantic.
It is widely believed that the revelations by Edward Snowden, the former national security agency contractor, have dented US moral hegemony. America will no longer be able to criticise states that subordinate civil liberties to reasons of state. But the muted domestic political response to the revelations threatens to damage US standing further. Genuine American patriots are left wondering whether the nation still has the critical vigilance to restore passion to its ideals.
Yet two other things still trouble me about this story. The first is the response of Shearman & Sterling. At first sight, it was most skilful: it neatly exonerated itself from any liability but, at the same time, proved it had zero tolerance by sacking the guy.
Deutsche is the first big European lender in 2009 to produce an update on the final three months of 2008, which included the most volatile days of the crisis. It will raise fears that many other banks might be nursing steep losses following the collapse of Lehman Brothers.
analysts say a buy-out is likely to be a prelude to an outright sale of Shaw Brothers, which would mark Sir Run Run's long-delayed farewell to TVB, the television station in which Shaw Brothers has a 26 per cent stake. Sir Run Run also personally holds a 6.23 per cent stake in TVB.
This mental anguish is rooted in the sexual abuse he experienced as a child. In his darkest moments, he considered suicide, one day climbing a cliff before the police intervened.
Mr Kashani and about 30 other us companies will be displaying their wares at the American Merchandise Center in Yiwu, a 120,000 sq ft showroom space.
As the 2007-2008 financial crisis set in, and the banking system teetered, Mervyn King reminded staff to keep records of discussions and decisions. In 2009, Lord King spoke of consulting the Bank’s historic papers and described archives at a time of panic as “the one place where you may learn something about how to deal with it”.
It was a childhood soaked in underwater fantasy. There was the trippy surrealism of Yellow Submarine  the curious, slightly sinister puppetry of Stingray with its undersea city, Titanica  the 1971 television movie City Beneath the Sea  and my own favourite, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea. Then there was the TV series The Undersea World of Jacques Cousteau, and a string of Bond villains with their shark tanks and submersibles. All coincided within a brief window from about 1967 until 1976 when Jaws came crashing through the screen to kill off any lingering desire to live below the waves.
The  Phillips curve relationship between declining unemployment and rising price inflation therefore remains inoperative in the advanced economies, probably because the credibility of central bank inflation targets remains high. This implies that unemployment can fall significantly without causing any immediate rise in reported inflation.
Let us start with one: the ratios of debt to gross domestic product are at historically high levels in many countries, many rising above previous wartime peaks. This is before adding in concerns over contingent liabilities on private sector balance sheets and underfunded old-age security and pension programmes. In the case of Germany, there is also the likely need to further cushion the debt loads of eurozone partners. Some say not to worry, pointing to bursts of growth after the world wars. But today’s debts will not be dealt with by boosts to supply from postwar demobilisation and to demand from the lifting of wartime controls.
This sharp turnround in the world’s most liquid bond market has occurred in a matter of days. Only on Monday, bond yields were below 2 per cent. Now, amid a stock market rally that has taken equities to their highest levels since the before the global financial crisis, yields have topped 2.3 per cent. Bond bulls are getting nervous.
“This reconstruction has meant the loss of wonderful old houses and some wonderful architecture, and its replacement with fake things [made] of tile-covered steel and concrete,” says Zhang Wei, a resident and conservationist.
Arthur Yates of Bruta, the emerging London line whose casual shirting is sold at Liberty, creates hand-painted ceramic urns in conjunction with his collections. For Yates, it’s a chance to indulge his creativity, unbridled by the practical and physical constraints of clothing. But the pots are also a clever point of difference. As Yates puts it: “It’s a nice balance between a commercial product that nods to the traditional craft skill of embroidery and the fun and frivolity of decorative pots.”
The world’s metal producers, traders and market commentators arrive in London this week for a big annual gathering. We expect the debate to focus on how to position for a full US-China trade deal, or expanded fiscal stimulus in China.
There's volatile, and there's ChiNext. All 28 debutants on Shenzhen's new board for growth stocks tripped multiple circuit-breakers on Friday, some more than doubling. Yesterday two-thirds of them did so in the other direction, tumbling more than 10 per cent. Beijing-based Huayi Brothers, China's largest film studio, was typical &ndash  up 147 per cent, down 11 per cent. If the shanghai stock exchange is a bit of a casino, then the new junior board looks like it will be a back-alley cockfight.
This tiny, 700-year-old painting is the single most important work of art I have ever handled. Duccio is one of the Italian Sienese greats, a contemporary of Cimabue and Giotto. He painted from 1278 until his death in 1319. The work came from a private collection in Europe, owned by a Russian expatriate living in Rome, Count Gregorii Stroganoff. I first saw it in 2005, but I had known about it for a while before that. Its diminutive size is part of its unique appeal: it measures only 27.6 x 20.5cm. Madonna and child are picked out in tempera and gold on wood panel, and the original frame has burn marks on the wood from the religious candles lit to honour it wherever it was hung. For me, it is a very intimate piece, with strong emotional and spiritual qualities. Christie's sold the painting for in excess of $40m to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in new york in 2004. I feel so privileged to have had such a work pass through my hands.b
The chance to buy into some of Asia's most stable telecom assets has attracted the attention of Macquarie as well as some of the world's biggest private equity groups, including TPG and Providence Equity Partners, the specialist media and telecoms firm.
Vila Olympica remains a beacon for private investors. Property values have retained their post-games buoyancy, despite a recent property slump. In recent years the city has attracted technology companies and light industry to invest in its eastern fringes, spreading the benefits of the regeneration begun in 1992.
He has nothing personal against smallness. Asked what car he drives, he says he owns a Range Rover – because most cars are not big enough for him. “I don’t have the luxury to pick my own car,” he says wistfully. “I wish I could drive a Mini.”
Instead, remote working and learning have boosted demand for chips as sales of products that use semiconductors — everything from servers to gaming consoles such as PlayStations — surged. Chips for Apple played a big part, accounting for about a fifth of its sales.
Britain sharply upgraded its growth forecasts yesterday while the european central bank presented a downbeat assessment of the eurozone’s recovery, underscoring the diverging economic fortunes of the UK and the bloc.
The NHS has long been a global symbol of gigantism. Its 1.3m workforce vies with Indian Railways and the Chinese People’s liberation army for the title of world’s biggest employer.
Brett Walsh, lead consulting partner for human capital in Europe, the Middle East and Africa at Deloitte, supports his view and sees human capital as an investment area "likely to outperform". "It is an intelligent asset class in which to invest, as it is one that appears to be robust," says Mr Walsh.
To be sure, it may be in the self-interest of the US-based titans of the private equity world to convey a dark view of the prospects for the country in the hope that global investors will not take advantage of the fact that for them us assets have suddenly become cheaper.
The government will prosecute or revoke the licences of companies that increase the prices of their goods without sufficient justification, part of a plan to freeze prices for the rest of the year on goods ranging from coal to public transport.
Charles Schumer, the Democratic senator from new york who has led the charge to force Beijing to let the renminbi appreciate, on Monday introduced yet another version of his legislation to allow the US to restrict imports on grounds of currency misalignment.
Ports have also seen heavy spending, especially around China's main export manufacturing locations: at Shenzhen in Guangdong province, around the Lower Yangtze Delta region centred on Shanghai and at Tianjin, Qingdao and Dalian in the north and north-east.
“If you [the trustee] don't diversify, if you don't have a balanced portfolio, if you don't balance the interest between the remainderman and the income beneficiary, if you don't look at modern portfolio theory and then apply a fiduciary overlay to that, and if your investments don't perform, then you will bear responsibility,” says Joanne Johnson, head of US fiduciary and wealth advisory for JPMorgan Private Bank.
This is the direct effect. The indirect effect, in a centre-right country that views big government sceptically, is that the faltering recovery calls the Democrats' larger ambitions into question. Can the US really afford healthcare reform, voters wonder? Is this a good time to be raising taxes, for redistribution, as the Democrats intend next year?
The footage from Tomorrow’s World, a BBC television programme, was viewed close to half a million times in its first four days online and attracted about 4,000 comments. It is fascinating for anyone interested in futurology.
A reporter in the square in front of the famous twin towers of the medieval cathedral saw flames spreading across the roof and was bombarded with a hail of cinders and red-hot fragments of wood.
Intel signalled a strong holiday sales season for the computer industry on Tuesday, with third-quarter earnings well ahead of wall street expectations.
The Baltic countries are registering a dramatic increase in Russian military provocations, rattling nerves in a region which fears it could be the next frontier after Ukraine in Moscow’s quest at asserting its regional power.
Canada’s rejection of BHP’s bid for PotashCorp raises the question of what rules now apply to foreign investors in what has hitherto been one of the world’s most welcoming countries.
Business practices, however, are affected not only by who owns the company but also by where it does business. In finance, as the European investment banker pointed out, Asia's share of the global pie is growing rapidly. Five of the top 10 initial public offerings last year were for asian companies and hong kong exceeded both London and new york in terms of total IPO funds raised.
Scott Bugie, the ratings agency's managing director of financial institutions, pointed to mounting bad debts on corporate and consumer lending as a dangerous drag on bank profitability for the next two years.
While most business schools do not track applications from service personnel, some offer special tuition breaks to military personnel, while others have set up fellowships for veterans.
And then there are the quieter, less official lists. “Intern 1 no name” tells stories about life in the fashion world under the Instagram handle fashionassistants. It started as a light-hearted look at the idiosyncrasies of working in the fashion industry — the silly hours, the unreasonable expectations of stylists — but in light of #MeToo and Time’s Up, the feed has evolved to include more specific examples of harassment. By inviting fellow assistants to anonymously share their stories, it has become a catalogue of abuses, both personal and general, highlighting the industry’s unholy meanness.
TPG Newbridge’s original move, pitched several months ago, was a $141m offer to buy out the minority shareholders in PCRD, and take the company private with mr li in the driving seat. It emerged yesterday that PCRD’s minority shareholders will get to vote on the TPG Newbridge offer next month. Bankers in hong kong said this potentially opened up avenues that could delay or complicate the Li/Leung agreement.
The unrest is putting increasing pressure on Japanese managers to review the way they run plants in China.
Vietnam’s foreign business community is warning that rapid inflation, growing labour unrest and a real estate bubble could erode the Communist-ruled country’s appeal as an investment destination.
Over the past two weeks, all three of Japan’s largest confectioners — Meiji, Morinagaand Lotte — have announced sharp increases in the price of any sweet that uses cocoa.
Euro RSCG Skybridge, a marketing group, is developing “carbon neutral” schemes for businesses that traditionally reward salesforces or clients with foreign trips or away days.
Bankia, Spain’s second-biggest bank by local deposits, would have collapsed if Madrid had not agreed to the rescue last week, Mariano Rajoy warned, adding that this would have risked bringing down Spain itself.
China has acknowledged that ties with the US are at their lowest point since the normalisation of relations in 1979, in comments that suggest Beijing wants to ease tensions, analysts said.
The dollar fell to Y99.77 in Europe after earlier testing the Y100 level during Japan's trading day. It last went below Y100 in September 1995. “It makes you wonder how far the dollar can fall,” said Yuji Saito, head of the foreign exchange sales department at Société Générale in Tokyo.
In a sign of the difficulties mr trump faces over his campaign pledges to create “complete American energy independence” from “our foes and the oil cartels”, Saudi Arabia’s energy minister pointedly reminded the president-elect that the US “benefits more than anybody else from global free trade”, adding, “energy is the lifeblood of the global economy”.
The action against Mr Wan and Mr Lu comes despite the fact that both have goals - combating Aids and discrimination against hepatitis B carriers - that the government itself shares. Both also frame their work around exercise of rights enshrined in Chinese law. In reality, many chinese officials agree that NGOs are essential to addressing complex problems such as Aids.
The asian development bank yesterday approved a $300m loan to help clean Beijing’s polluted air as it pledged to support China’s efforts to cut coal use in and around the capital.
Mr Naimi warned that the region would be “central” to satisfying the growth in demand, especially from China, in the next two decades.
It is an attempt by mr trump and his staff to refocus their campaign on the economy, one of the few areas where polling had shown the property developer to be stronger than hillary clinton but one where the Democratic nominee has been gaining ground.
The juicy new range of near‑warp-speed MacBooks announced last month may well have your clicking finger hovering over the “buy” button during the holiday period – the more so since we have all spent the best part of a year completely dependent on our computers for work, socialising and entertainment.
“The military build-up is increasing rapidly. We have seen pictures of hundreds of convoys filled with paramilitary forces with automatic machine guns moving towards various parts of Tibetan areas,” Lobsang Sangay, the prime minister of the Tibetan government in exile, told the financial times on Monday, referring to images sent by sources in the Tibetan region.
mr kim arrived in Hanoi on Tuesday morning after travelling 4,500km by train from Pyongyang to the Chinese border with Vietnam. He drove the final leg to Hanoi in his Mercedes-Benz, which was flown into Hanoi along with his entourage of bodyguards.
If many have doubted Mr Putin’s decision to host the Winter Olympics in a tiny beachfront town that had little pre-existing modern day infrastructure, the president’s opening ceremony could be seen as a strong rebuke. Homage was made to Peter the Great and Russia’s Imperial capital st petersburg – built against all architectural logic on a marshland – and the Stalinist skyscrapers of Soviet Moscow that remain standing to this day, as viewers were taken on the tumultuous ride that is Russia’s history.
donald trump escalated the email hacking controversy in the us election yesterday when he urged Russia to track down and hand over tens of thousands of emails from Hillary Clinton’s private server which have yet to be released.
For Xi Jinping, the problem with the current world order is America’s political and strategic dominance. The chinese president has made it clear that he wants his country to displace the US as the dominant power in the Asia-Pacific region. Many Xi-supporting nationalists go further, speaking openly of their hope that China will become the dominant global power. mr xi is well aware that globalisation has been critical to China’s rise over the past 40 years. So he is determined to preserve the current trade model.
The economic downturns in the region are shocking. Last week, Lithuania announced that its economy had shrunk by 22.4 per cent, at an annual rate, during the second quarter of 2009. Latvia and Estonia are likely to record similar falls when they announce their figures. Dalia Grybauskaite, the Lithuanian president, told me last week that her country might have to apply to the international monetary fund for a loan. Latvia has already trodden that path. Last week it agreed its second loan in eight months from the IMF and the EU.
The pair began their EMBA in January and plan to finish it in July next year. Given the heavy workload of the programme, keeping the course to 18 months entails a great deal of discipline. But, with two small children, they are keen to keep their studies to a minimum.
As scrutiny of the $1.2tn  leveraged loan market has increased, focus has turned to the market’s main source of support: collateralised loan obligations.
Sina Weibo, which has more than 411m monthly active users — more than Twitter — sometimes deletes embassies’ posts outright. But it also uses more subtle methods such as stopping them from being re-shared or disabling comments.
Normally, Apple is on the receiving end of intellectual property rights infringements in China, with counterfeits extending even to copies of its flagship stores. The us company has nonetheless reported soaring sales over the past three quarters, following a push started last year under which it has so far built four Apple stores in Beijing and Shanghai and 1,000 resellers across the country.
Four victims with gunshot wounds have been taken to local hospitals, a San Bruno police officer told reporters, amid what he described as a “very chaotic” scene with employees flooding out of the building.
The housing market is one of the most important parts of the economy, and one of the most misunderstood. Important because residential real estate and construction account directly for more than 10 per cent of gross domestic product. Misunderstood because few observers appear to grasp the structure of the residential property market.
Office Politics: How to Thrive in a World of Lying, Backstabbing and Dirty Tricks, by Oliver James, Vermilion, RRP£20
Japanese police detained the activists who were promoting China’s claim to the islands – known as the Diaoyu in China – in the east china sea that are at the centre of a dispute between Tokyo and Beijing.
I happened to hear about it last week and didn't care much either. Yet the story made me wonder what might have happened - let us just suppose - if it had not been a businessman's child but Barack Obama's sweet-looking elder daughter who had taken it into her head to pinch a classmate's iPod. Then rather a lot of people would have cared: in fact it might have cost her father the US election.
A suspect fired shots from the direction of the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo told a press conference.
Shares in the microblogging network will now be offered for between $23 and $25, giving the company a valuation of up to $17.4bn including restricted stock units and options. It will be the largest technology IPO since Facebook went public last year and is expected to lead to a new wave of listings.
Police in Copenhagen have killed a man who opened fire on them after two earlier shootings that left two dead and five injured in a presumed terrorist attack in the Danish capital.
But caution, a byword in financial reform, and the need for consensus among powerful ministries, continues to stay the hand of policy-makers. So too, according to many critics of the government, does the weakness of Wen Jiabao, the premier, who seems incapable of putting his personal stamp on financial and economic policy.
The visitor to China today sees a confidence and exuberance for success, and more than a desire to become a first world economic superpower. The buildings would be familiar to a western eye and doing business is also almost western-like - but with additions and protocols from Chinese history.
On my second morning at my grandparents’, my uncle suggests that I go back to Beijing early, fearing more transport options would be shut down as the holiday went on. I pack my suitcase quickly, glad that the load is lightened by the presents I’ve offloaded.
The maxim that nice guys finish last isn’t quite true. But if you are too nice you can be seen as a soft touch or as ineffective.
The British Museum is planning a series of exhibitions that perfectly reflect MacGregor's thinking on the contemporary resonance of historical phenomena. Its next show is on the Roman emperor Hadrian. “His first foreign policy decision is whether to withdraw from Iraq, and the major political problem throughout his reign is Palestine. It is quite interesting,” MacGregor says with wry understatement.
The chinese government has greeted the measure frostily, with the official English-language China Daily saying that Washington's “combative mood” would not help solve bilateral trade tensions.
The fund has a particular focus on companies with an exposure to the chinese consumer as well as infrastructure, environment and energy. Mr Ehrmann says growth in the country's infrastructure expenditure and consumer spending is expected to stay strong.
chinese companies announced 12 greenfield investment projects into Kazakhstan in 2015, for total capital investment of an estimated $1.2bn — more than the commitments by investors in any other country, according to figures from fDi Markets, an FT data service. Germany and the US came next with five announced projects each.
Chinese stocks suffered another steep decline on Tuesday, pushing the shanghai composite below 3,000 points for the first time since December and extending the country’s worst sell-off in almost two decades.
Last week’s appointment of austerity critic Martín Guzmán as the new economy minister of Argentina, and the subsequent stabilisation of both Argentine bond prices and the peso, marks an important turning point in the conventional wisdom about how to fix failing nations. It also marks another step in the most important economic shift of our time — the transition from an era of wealth accumulation that began in the 1980s, to one of wealth distribution.
China at the weekend put US soyabeans on a list of imports subject to a 25 per cent increase in tariffs, part of a tit-for-tat retaliation against tariffs against chinese goods drawn up by the Trump administration.
All this is alarming – but also rather vague. So how might world politics look in four years' time? Something like this, perhaps . . .
“It's great to kill two birds with one stone,” she said. “But the best part was how my skin looked the next day. I felt so rejuvenated.”
Mr Lou sought clarity on Australia's foreign investment rules that last year were strengthened to highlight “national interest” considerations when investments are made by state-backed entities or SWFs.
The Department of Justice and Department of Housing and Urban Development are adding provisions aimed at directing aid to distressed areas and community redevelopment efforts as they resolve outstanding investigations into mortgage sale abuses.
Academics and others are becoming increasingly vocal about how deeply entrenched the idea of shareholder primacy is in management education.
State-backed oil company saudi aramco briefly hit the milestone during intraday trading last December, on the day after its initial public offering, but its shares subsequently closed below the $2tn dollar mark. Aramco’s stock market fortunes have waned since its IPO to trade at a market valuation of around $1.8tn, and Apple surpassed it last month.
In response China softened its annual growth target from 6.5 per cent last month, with premier li keqiang citing “profound change in our external environment”, particularly the US-China trade tensions, for the deterioration.
The packages for mr biden were discovered at a postal facility in his home state of Delaware. Similar explosive dev­ices were sent this week to the homes of former president barack obama and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton, and to the new york offices of CNN addressed to former CIA director John Brennan.
“This is a very useful measure and will definitely boost confidence, which is exactly what the market needs at this moment,” said Peng Yunliang, analyst from Shanghai Securities. “However, this will only be effective in the short-term.”
The Swiss business school maintained its long-standing lead among the top 100 institutions, ahead of HEC Paris and the london business School. The calculation is based on factors including alumni salaries, international experience, value for money, aims achieved and diversity of students and faculty.
Back then, the warehouses of the london metal Exchange, owned by hong kong exchanges and Clearing, were blamed for a logjam. Traders who see low prices can purchase metal, store it in warehouses and sell contracts for future delivery, thereby locking in profits. In 2013, aluminium flowed into storage easily enough. But an overly complicated system of queueing to remove metal from LME warehouses encouraged traders to game the system. LME warehouses collecting storage fees did not help. By August 2014, the aluminium price had rallied as much 17 per cent. Fingers were pointed at the LME.
But staff eventually complained that so much time was being given over to measurement that there was little left to devote to customers. Home Depot hit all its efficiency targets but became the least popular major retailer in the country. Mr Nardelli quit the company in January.
China is teetering on the brink of a radical policy change that could transform not just China, but also world financial markets.
Other, smaller, Arctic powers, perhaps sensing their likely weakness in a free-for-all, are already seeking conciliation rather than confrontation. Liv Monica Stubholt, Norway's deputy minister for foreign affairs, says: "The Arctic needs to be about co-operation rather than competition. This is about matters well beyond domestic needs and national interests."
In a meeting with president barack obama last week, Lee Kuan Yew, the veteran former prime minister of Singapore, said he felt privileged to meet the US leader at a “time of renewal and change in America and during a period of transition where the world order is changing”.
ArcelorMittal, the world’s largest steel producer, said last week that it was “cautiously optimistic” about prospects for the remainder of 2016, though noted that structural overcapacity is still a serious headwind for the industry.
Carolyn Fairbairn, leader of the CBI employers’ organisation, on Sunday described the latest lockdown as a “body blow”, while Helen Dickinson of the British Retail Consortium said the new measures would cause “untold damage to the high street in the run-up to Christmas”.
Lufthansa, the largest customer, yesterday maintained that the service was a key marketing tool and said it hoped to find an alternative partner. However, analysts said Boeing’s failure to find a partner or buyer for the unit after a two-month review suggested that the product remained unviable in its current form.
The two managers &ndash  Kevin Chang and Wilson Wong &ndash  ran 14 funds with a total of about $7.4bn in clients' money.
mr trump has maintained a hardline stance towards the Iranian leadership since taking office, including his decision a year ago to withdraw from the Iran nuclear agreement. Over the past few weeks, his team has struck an even tougher note, citing unreleased intelligence about possible attacks on US forces in the region.
Anthony Fauci, head of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said life “is not going to be the way it used to be” in the US for a period, as he urged people to avoid unnecessary public outings.
In one of Jorge Luis Borges’s fables, an ancient empire becomes so fixated on the science of carto­graphy that eventually the only map that will suffice is one whose size matches that of the realm itself. “The vast map was useless,” Borges writes, laconically. In its drive to capture reality, even to beat it, the empire loses all sense of it.
It is also becoming common for attendees, having worked their table, to wander off in search of new contacts.
Ben May, global economist at Oxford Economics, said the current slowdown was “more like a mini slowdown in a wider expansion”.
While the US was the world's biggest investor, almost half the world's outflows originated in european union countries, notably France, Spain and the UK.
This more accurate picture of China clarifies why Beijing concentrates so heavily on domestic priorities such as growth, public investment, pollution control and poverty reduction. The number of people in China living below the World Bank's dollar-a-day poverty line is 300m – three times larger than currently estimated.
Airbnb is pinning its hopes on China’s booming $120bn tourism industry as the silicon valley accommodation-rental service aims to become profitable for the first time this year.
Markets do not function in laboratory-like isolation. They are linked, correlated. It isn't enough for any quant to try and know the probability of each individual company in his bank's portfolio going bust  he has to know how the bankruptcy of one company &ndash  or several &ndash  might increase (or decrease) the likelihood that other companies will default. Suppose, for example, that a bank loans money to two outfits &ndash  a dairy farm and a dairy. The farm, according to ratings agencies, has a 10 per cent chance of going bust and the dairy a 5 per cent chance. But if the farm does go under, the chances that the dairy will follow will rise above 5 per cent &ndash  quickly and steeply &ndash  if the farm was its main milk supplier.
On July 13 2001, the world was afforded the rare and spontaneous sight of a chinese president pumping hands amid a throng of delirious revellers in Tiananmen Square. Jiang Zemin was celebrating the award of the 2008 olympic games to Beijing, a moment that, according to the official Xinhua news agency, marked “another milestone in China's rising international status and a historical event in the great renaissance of the Chinese nation”.
China’s steel battles in Europe and north america are likely to be only a prelude of bigger future fights as softening domestic demand unleashes a flood of output on to world markets.
The G20's fundamental problem is that it has done little to change incentives. Global governance is not a game of Sudoku. Anyone can sit down with a matrix of financial statistics, conjure up a new list of systemically significant economies and convene a festival of hand-wringing. But to transform such a body into a governing mechanism requires making its decisions materially affect the domestic debate in each of its signatory countries.
Suzuki Motor says it has been using improper methods to test the fuel economy of its vehicles, sending its stock down 9.4 per cent as the disclosure triggered concerns more companies could be affected by the scandal that began with Mitsubishi Motors.
With China production restored, the company is now shipping some parts made there to the US in response to requests from carmakers.
The retail offering for the country’s sixth-largest lender closed yesterday. The oversubscription level will trigger an automatic reallocation giving retail investors 20 per cent of the IPO instead of 5 per cent.
Sales of two-wheeled vehicles fell 8.5 per cent, the first fall in three years, according to figures released by the Society of Indian Auto Manufacturers, an industry body. India’s car industry has struggled recently following years of strong growth, forcing manufacturers to shut factories and trim output targets in the face of slowing customer demand.
“Well, why not write that in your Christmas cards,” my sensible teacher friend instructed. “What harm can it do?”
The death of the only sovereign most Thais have known triggered an outpouring of grief and will prompt fresh questions about the country’s political transition under military rulers who have tentatively promised elections next year.
The strategy is designed to bring closer together the group's private banking, investment banking and asset management businesses. It is a typical example of how larger international banks are trying to join up their investment banking and private banking operations.
It's midnight and more than a hundred twenty somethings, most in jeans and T-shirts, some in high heels and party clothes, queue in the parking lot at the Brig, a nightclub/bar in Los Angeles's trendy Venice district. They've been lining up patiently for more than an hour on a chilly winter night and they're not waiting for a hot new band or a famous DJ. They're waiting for LA's current food sensation.
The 64-year-old mr powell has been a serving Fed governor since 2012. A centrist on monetary policy, he is known as a pragmatic and down-to-earth official with private sector and government experience. A trained lawyer and former partner at private equity firm Carlyle, he also served in the Treasury under former president george H W Bush in the 1990s.
In the most visible demonstration of its ambitions to extend the reach of its AI-powered services, Google launched its intelligent assistant — known, simply, as Assistant — as an app on Apple’s iPhone, pitting it directly against Apple’s Siri in a showdown of the intelligent agents.
The news has also driven strong share price rises in other family-control banks. The shares of Chong Hing Bank and Dah Sing Banking, for example, have increased by 40 per cent and 58 per cent respectively since mid-March.
Eight months after its much-heralded initial public offering in Hong Kong, ZhongAn Online Property & Casualty, the fintech insurer backed by China’s two biggest internet tycoons, is struggling to meet lofty expectations, highlighting concerns about a China  tech bubble.
“With house prices plummeting the incentive to buy a home is now non-existent, so sales will keep falling until builders cut production far enough to bring inventory down,” said Ian Shepherdson, an economist at High Frequency Economics.
One of the newest superyacht marinas in the Caribbean is to be found on the island of St Kitts at Christophe Harbour — a private island community that will soon have a Park Hyatt hotel and Tom Fazio golf course.
Its new plant, built on a greenfield site and costing more than $1bn, is filled with the latest car-assembly robots, ready to produce hundreds of thousands of vehicles a year.
In the interview, which took place before the second profit warning, Mr Smith said that although the company's international operations were expanding more rapidly than the domestic business, the US still accounted for most of its revenues.
Given the limited damage likely to be inflicted on Iran, and the risk of provoking a wider war at a time when oil prices are already sky high, such threats may be designed primarily to make the world nervous and toughen diplomatic resolve.
“The downgrade in headline growth does not look as bad as the headline suggests,” UBS said in a research note.
As the People’s Republic of China celebrates its 70th anniversary on Tuesday, the contrast between its past achievements and current challenges could hardly be more stark.
Ironically, the 1970s book Riley has made the most money from is not horror fiction, but a Patrick O'Brian novel, The Surgeon's Mate. He bought the first hardback edition new in 1974 and sold it two years ago on eBay for his reserve price of &pound 900.
The Fed pushed through a landmark interest rate increase in December despite worries within its policymaking committee about stubbornly low inflation.
A tactical, data-driven campaign mobilising core supporters ignores how tony blair and, more recently, angela merkel in Germany reached out to the centre ground and won three successive elections. The lesson should still hold true in Britain, despite the fragmentation of politics represented by the rise of the Scottish National party and the europhobic UK Independence party.
“It is very rare for a demand collapse to coincide with a supply surge,” said Bob McNally at the Rapidan energy Group. “It is the most crude price-bearish combination since the early 1930s. The price collapse has just begun.”
Fiat yesterday turned its back on years of losses and pessimism, sketching out a plan to increase auto division sales almost 50 per cent and double the group's net income by 2010.
The sum is likely to be seized on by diplomats from wealthy nations to argue that their governments are well on the way to fulfilling a 2010 pledge to raise $100bn a year in public and private climate finance for poorer countries by 2020.
But it will take years for the “Dutch discount” to disappear completely, hedge fund managers say.
Nigerian officials downplay the risk that Sinosure's offer could saddle the government with new debt, saying the offer represents a new strategy by Beijing aimed at encouraging chinese companies to invest in African infrastructure on a commercial basis.
I'm a corporate lawyer in New York, recently separated from my wife, also a lawyer. I've started dating a successful model 16 years my junior and spent last weekend in las vegas with her and her friends. When my ex-wife and I socialised it was with mutual friends or business contacts, and last weekend was an orgy of boredom. They were marketing associates and sales reps and we had nothing to talk about. Is it unfair to demand she dumps her friends if she wants a future with me?
The course is a for-credit programme, giving any Vanderbilt master's degree candidate the chance to receive a Certificate in Global Poverty Alleviation Studies by completing courses from the various participating schools.
Alongside their usual investments in factories and other facilities related to their main businesses, many have invested in other industries, often to help the local economies in their ancestral home provinces or districts. The Formosa Group, one of the island’s largest conglomerates, for instance, has started to build hospitals and schools in China, many of them for charity.
Thousands of online businesses connecting private lenders to people in need of cash sprang up across the country over the past five years, but a spate of scandals has put these lenders in the crosshairs of regulators. Many P2P lenders have been shut down since mid-2017 as lending controls have been implemented and licences required.
Compounding matters was a distinct lack of Asian buyers at the sales of new Treasury debt in May.
Mr Bo’s dismissal sent shockwaves through the nation yesterday and raised fears that widening rifts among increasingly entrenched factions could spill over into a wider political crisis.
The violent rainstorm, the worst Beijing has seen in more than six decades, according to city authorities, dumped an average of 17cm of rain on the chinese capital on Saturday. Flash floods temporarily paralysed the city, shutting down most transport and leaving 80,000 people stranded at the airport on Saturday night.
The growth of these new manufacturing centres is one of the most exciting changes in the global economy. They offer new markets for consumer goods, huge opportunities for investors and a way to lift millions of people out of poverty. Yet even as Bangladesh takes off, there are doubts about whether others can follow.
The announcement comes as a sharp rebuff to China and Russia, the closest countries north korea has to allies, which have been urging Pyongyang to resume six-party talks aimed at getting the communist state to dismantle its nuclear bomb programme.
Speaking in Shanghai yesterday, Xiao Yaqing, the chairman of Chinalco, warned that the group might well raise its stake in Rio.
Local factors, such as pension and financial reforms, and privatisation in countries such as Kenya and Nigeria have also driven stock markets up.
“Some” turned out to be seven large cases containing 50 bottles of Canadian wine, delivered by officials from the Canadian High Commission, no less. Because I’m updating a book and needed to revisit my knowledge of Canadian wine, I had “reached out”, as common parlance now has it, to Janet Dorozynski whose government job in Canada is to advance the cause of Canadian alcoholic drinks. If you were hosted by a Canadian official at Davos this year, your hooch will have been chosen by Janet. Her task for me was to choose wines she thought would demonstrate the progress Canadian vintners have been making recently.
“What we discussed with [Chinese] Exim bank officials is how this can be done. You will be seeing much more collaboration between us and Exim bank in the coming months.”
Ranbaxy Laboratories has launched the biggest foreign takeover attempt by an Indian drugs maker, bidding against three western rivals and a private equity group for the generic drugs unit of Germany's Merck.
In response, the governor of the Bank of China recently suggested that this new online product needs to be supervised closely. What are the benefits and risks of these internet money market funds, and how should they be regulated?
The documentary, Under the Dome , has racked up more than 166m views since it was published last Saturday and has been heavily discussed online and among “two meetings” delegates.
That thought is posed in a letter from Ted Kaufman, a Democrat Senator from Delaware, to the Securities and exchange commission and the commodity futures trading Commission, which calls for radical reform to equity markets after the recent “flash crash”.
The negotiations will be trickier if the debtor is the president of the United States.
The flood of dollars had some success in bringing down overnight borrowing rates that had hit extraordinary levels on Wednesday and brought barometers of systemic stress back from historic highs.
Chinese hackers have stolen the blueprint for the new headquarters of Australia’s intelligence agency before it opens, according to a television investigation that could prove embarrassing to the government and its largest trading partner.
“There is no overheating of the economy,” Kamal Nath, commerce minister, said yesterday. The government, which said last week that it expected the economy to expand by 9.2 per cent this year, says the run-up in inflation is temporary.
China's white paper, significant since the government rarely publishes specific details about its armed forces, estimates that defence spending over the past 15 years has grown on average 15.4 per cent a year. Last year, spending grew 12 per cent from the previous year to Rmb247.5bn up from Rmb220bn in 2004.
People close to the discussions said there had also been preliminary enquiries from Samsung of south korea and Citic, the Chinese conglomerate.
public health specialists have warned that the mental health impact of the pandemic will outlast the virus, as millions cope with depression, anxiety and isolation. Studies conducted in the UK and the US showed that those aged 18 to 29 experienced higher level of distress compared to other age groups during this period.
Washington has relied on Pakistan to pursue a host of Islamist militants at home and in neighbouring Afghanistan in past years, but has struggled to maintain trust with the country, where al-Qaeda leader Osama bin laden lived until he was killed in an unannounced US raid in 2011.
european leaders have stepped up their efforts to get to grips with the economic impact of the rapidly spreading coronavirus after the german government unveiled a package of measures to help affected companies and €12.4bn in state investment.
The 1960s still makes other decades cringe like dowdy wallflowers at a party. This is understandable enough. The artistic feats were legion. The politics were interesting — if, at times, too interesting. No decade’s fashion, for men or women, has dated better.
Mr Cohen says Coutts dealt with these issues quickly and efficiently, opening a dollar account for him to deposit the proceeds from his share sale.
One of the authors of this pair of books is a dyspeptic Scottish socialist prone to exaggeration. The other is Gordon Brown. He and Alasdair Gray have written works that argue for opposing sides in the debate on Scottish independence. The pro-union former prime minister and the secessionist novelist have different styles as well as arguments. Gray’s masterpiece Lanark (1981) won him comparisons with Dante and Joyce, whereas Brown’s prose is somewhat more straightforward. His new book begins: “I love my country. Simple as that.”
president donald trump and the first lady have made an unexpected trip to see us troops in Iraq, his first visit to a combat zone since he took office almost two years ago.
So we could well be approaching a sliding doors moment — the us economy may start slowing down early next year as Fed tightening and a stronger dollar weighs on activity, or China’s easing helps underpin the global economy. The wild card is oil, as a sustained rise above $100 hurts plenty.
Google is developing technology that could position it to compete with a new breed of digital media companies that are generating story ideas for the internet by mining online search data for under-covered topics.
big business is gearing up for a fight with the obama administration over a workplace safety regulation that it claims could have a sweeping and costly impact on companies ranging from manufacturers to law firms.
Both these countries are in the top ten in the world in terms of entrepreneurship talent and focus, according to a recent study by the Kauffman Foundation in the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor. A recent World Bank study has found that micro-enterprise investment for entrepreneurial activities is much more successful in helping poor families achieve economic prosperity than traditional foreign aid.
Chow, a partner in architecture firm Sciskew, describes historic Shanghai's houses as maddeningly idiosyncratic. “They were built in massive waves, often according to the same plan, and they often included pockets of space that are useless,” he says.
Alibaba is selling its $1bn of preferred shares in Meituan-Dianping, the online booking and discounts platform, at a steep discount — a move that will put a brake on the Groupon-style company’s fundraising efforts, according to investors.
A 4ft-long giant pin stands outside the office of Eric Schmidt at Google's Mountain View headquarters in California.
Mr El Badri said, in an interview in London, that it would take time for
You don’t have to watch the morning financial news or read the newspapers for long before realising that the day’s market activities will once again be driven by a “will they or won’t they” debate over the us federal Reserve. Nearly every day begins and ends with extensive debate on the same questions: What will the Fed do next? Will there be another round of quantitative easing?
While positive news on coronavirus vaccines has boosted global investor appetite for even risky assets, he said, “if you don’t need the vaccine to recover you’re going to be in a better position”.div class="pic"img src="https://thumbor.ftacademy.cn/unsafe/700x0/https://d6c748xw2pzm8.cloudfront.net/prod/c6f218f0-2d5f-11eb-b7d6-d5ee76a21c71-standard.png"
AlphaGo, its predecessor, was trained on data from thousands of games played by human competitors. The two algorithms went to war, and AGZ triumphed 100-nil. In other words — put this up in neon lights — disregarding human intellect allowed AGZ to become a supreme exponent of its art.
north korea failed in an attempt to test-fire another ballistic missile yesterday, with the projectile exploding within seconds of launch, according to US and south korean defence officials.
Meanwhile, PetSmart, a national retailer, yesterday lowered its earnings guidance for the quarter against the background of a drop in summer sales caused by a recall of pet food contaminated by a Chinese-made ingredient.
Slowing global growth, rising interest rates in emerging markets, an escalating sell-off in commodities and increasing political instability in eastern europe have driven investors out of emerging market equity funds in record numbers.
Yet China’s financial markets and corporations did not stomach the PBoC’s rate hikes as well as their US counterparts last year, according to Trinh Nguyen, Senior economist for emerging asia at Natixis.
Six months after Mr Macron’s victory in May, Ms Dessailly is less enthusiastic. The widow and mother of three says she has been puzzled by some of his measures, which have prompted critics to label him “president of the rich”.
Speaking to Le Monde newspaper, mr sarkozy said his “priority of priorities” was to restore the value of work and lift France's sluggish economic growth rate.
Thais and foreign observers are watching closely how the new king will rule at a sensitive time for country long hobbled by political power struggles and military coups. Prince Vajiralongkorn does not command the same following as his father and has spent much time abroad in recent years, particularly in Germany.
Beijing has moved swiftly in latin america to donate medical equipment and supplies, offer technical help and express solidarity. Its ambassadors have flooded social media with messaging about Chinese co-operation and solidarity, eclipsing the US, the region’s traditional power.
State asset administrators would make the use of autonomous innovation a benchmark in their appraisals of operators' performance, the government said.
Beijing residents are used to dry weather. But this winter, the dry spell has lasted well over 100 days, and has prompted the FAO – the UN’s food agency – to issue a warning on Chinese wheat production.
A threat of double-dip recession is stalking the world economy. advanced economies are struggling to raise insipid growth rates, while the fast-growing emerging economies cannot maintain their previous momentum. If anything goes wrong – and there are known potential shocks in the coming months – the risk is rising of a dangerous economic slide.
It is also open 24 hours a day. Tour operators schedule night-shopping trips to Mustafa for foreign visitors.
Rival Mobike is still in operation, but generating huge losses for its parent company Meituan Dianping which has now rebranded its orange bicycles as Meituan Bike. Other competitors, Wukong and Bluegogo, have already folded.
“5G has an open door for a lot of these type of changes to occur [again],” Mr Mollenkopf said. “On top of that, it is the first time in the history of the industry where you have significant and sophisticated handset manufacturers from China who have the ability to service the entire world. You did not have that at the beginning of the 4G transition. And they are ambitious.”
Chinese pork producers began preemptively culling their herds last year to avoid infection, resulting in a boost to meat supply that temporarily kept prices low and damped demand for imports. Since then the virus, which is harmless to humans but deadly to pigs, has been recorded in every province and China’s pig stock has dropped by a third.
China has blacklisted imports of canola seed from Canada’s largest independent grain handler as in a sign of broadening tensions over the detention of a senior Huawei executive in Vancouver.
China's rapid economic growth has led to an explosion in business travel, but standards of hygiene and service at local three-star and even four-star hotels remain patchy. Some hotels still insist on special cash deposits before they allow guests to make long-distance calls, for example.
royal bank of Scotland is investigating suspected fraud in its China unit after recently discovering &ldquo potential irregularities&rdquo  in its commercial banking business.
China’s property bubble has sagged in the big cities like Beijing and Shanghai – but it is on the verge of popping completely in the country’s heartland. After spending a week in Sichuan Province, it is clear that land sales, prices and transactions are all declining in double digits.
When he was asked to participate in the case-writing, he reluctantly agreed. "I obliged knowing the downside of this kind of scrutiny," Mr Mufuruki says. But the idea has grown on him. "I began slowly but surely to work up to the idea that we were part of the history of business in Tanzania."
Early-stage entrepreneurial activity is generally highest in poorer countries, where many start-ups are formed because there are no better alternatives available to earn money.
Mr Duggal is now more positive, believing it is time to focus on India again for those with a two- to three-year view. But he says there is no rush: "It can be now or in the next few weeks."
But he said “funding strains remain high and balance sheet pressures on financial institutions continue.”
He says for investors taking a five to 10-year view, it could be a good time to invest.
Germany set a new record in financial markets on Wednesday, becoming the first eurozone country to sell 10-year bonds with a negative yield in a government auction.
China Everbright, a financial services company, and Beijing Baofeng Technology, a listed online video group, will acquire a stake of more than 60 per cent in MP & Silva, according to two people involved in the process. A deal is expected to be announced within in the next 48 hours, although the timing could slip.
Jace Tyrrell of the New West End Company, the trade body that represents retailers in Oxford Street, Bond Street and Regent Street, said the “huge numbers” of Chinese shoppers visiting the sales underlined a trend that had become apparent over the last couple of years.
Not only will such a complex task require co-operation with charities and other groups but the outpouring of grief has energised Chinese society in new ways. A flood of donations from chinese people to non-governmental relief organisations has demonstrated a desire both for greater accountability and for a feeling of closer involvement in the relief work. Rapid social changes have already made it impossible for China's one-party system to exert the sort of control it once did: the earthquake could accelerate the process.
A reclusive German millionaire is claiming damages against Citibank in what lawyers say is the biggest alleged fraud in Swiss private banking history.
If anything, US-China relations are worse still. Beijing rejects diplomatic criticism from the Trump administration, suggesting Washington should focus on its own economic, healthcare and human rights issues before lecturing others.
In the US, the bush administration caved in to political pressure to lift portfolio caps on government-backed mortgage lenders, after criticism over the handling of the meltdown in the us subprime mortgage market.
China’s economy is gradually rebalancing away from investment-driven growth towards greater reliance on consumption, but progress has been slower than many economists believe is required to avoid future problems.
The National Retail Federation, the largest US industry retail group, estimates that November and December sales will increase 4.1 per cent to $617bn – the highest level in three years. Online sales are expected to hit $61bn, up 16 per cent from 2013, with mobile sales anticipated to make up 13 per cent of all sales.
I learnt by helping another iahli gigi/i for a couple of years. One day I realised I could do it myself. So I bought some books, read them all and set up on my own. I've been a tooth expert for nearly 20 years. My wife, Jumani, began filling and drilling about three years ago, too, and helps me out when I need assistance.
The deal is the largest foreign investment in Afghanistan's history and will give China Metallurgical Group (MCC) the right to extract high-quality copper from the Aynak copper field near Kabul.
“It was [a case of] just seeing all the numbers going up, in terms of volumes, in terms of clearing fund demands, of trading positions that people had. We really need to start thinking more about what our risk systems are capable of doing,” he tells FTfm.
The most powerful reason for China to allow its currency to rise is that doing so would be in its own economic interests. The market intervention needed to hold the renminbi down boosts domestic liquidity, fuelling asset price bubbles and greatly complicating the task of economic management. It also diverts into low-yielding foreign exchange reserves – chiefly of dollars – capital that could be used better and more profitably at home. For a country as poor as China thus to bankroll the world's richest economy makes no sense.
Mr Liu’s sentence was one of the harshest yet handed down in an extensive crackdown on civil society that has silenced dozens of legal, labour and ethnic minority activists over the past five years.
Odgers, Ray & Berndtson found the average age of the FTSE 100 chief executives had fallen from 60 to 52 over the past 25 years.
In March, officials of the china securities regulatory commission announced that they planned to introduce China Depository Receipts  in an effort to attract the big mainland tech groups such as Alibaba, Baidu, JD.com and NetEase to list in Shanghai or Shenzhen.
“The positions were created in the interest of clients but were held in pursuit of proprietary trading. The people concerned and their supervisors failed to recognise properly the size and changing nature of the positions that were being established. Risk control and finance had the numbers but failed to realise in time what they truly meant.”
For Europe is in a race, and politics is running faster than economics. The prevailing eurozone policy of muddle-through-while-slimming down, led by Germany and enforced by the new European Commission, depends on the idea that the economic tortoise will in the end outpace the political hares.
A new wave of sophisticated e-commerce applications is appearing on Facebook, a sign that the world's largest social network could rapidly emerge as a big destination for online shopping.
The world has been turned on its head. Consumers in the wealthiest nations are struggling with the consequences of the credit crunch and with the soaring cost of energy and food. In China, retail sales have been rising at an annual 15 per cent. I cannot think of a better description of the emerging global order.
Today, however, it is not just wall street bankers who are in Ms Warren’s sights. On the contrary, she has recently focused much of her rhetorical fury on president barack Obama’s efforts to secure fast-track authority to cut trade agreements with Asia and Europe.
Mr Van Binsbergen says he is one of many. “The number of lawyers who have been leaving to go to start-ups has skyrocketed compared to 15 years ago,” he estimates. Many are abandoning traditional firms to pursue entrepreneurial opportunities or join in-house teams, as the once-unthinkable idea of routine corporate legal work as an automated task becomes reality.
the chinese ecommerce group, announced recently he was setting up a
In the past two years, mr blair has written off the prospect for signing a “Kyoto II” treaty, acknowledging strong US opposition to any attempt to impose emission targets.
The prospective deal is a central piece of the bloc’s broader three-pronged strategy on China, which it has branded an “economic competitor” and “systemic rival” as well as a partner in some areas.
At one level, the founding of Japan’s first e-sports academy fits comfortably (if eccentrically) into the breathless evolution narrative of professional gaming and the increasingly lucrative market in which it thrives. Through a decade of economic and technological waves — powerfully amplified by social media — the competitive playing of online games like League of Legends and Defense of the Ancients 2 has become a global spectator sport with an active audience estimated at 400m and total revenues of about $650m.
The iPhone maker has been stalking Hollywood for more than a year, talking to leading industry players while it tries to formulate a cogent video strategy. It has considered a range of acquisitions and targets including, most recently, Imagine Entertainment, the Hollywood production company owned by Ron Howard and Brian Grazer, according to several people briefed on the discussions.
Major routes, to be constructed by Chinese companies, would link the mineral- rich south to its ports in the west and connect the north to the south. Mr Lumbi argued that the provision of this infrastructure would consolidate reunification and bring down prices for basic goods. "This contract is the foundation on which the growth of our economy is going to be built," he said, comparing it to the Marshall plan to reconstruct Europe after the second world war.
and the Sri Lankan government to cover the entire country with free WiFi is merely the latest example. In just a few months, the search giant has volunteered to provide fast internet to a scattering of American public housing projects and run free public WiFi for New Yorkers.
A recent run-up in the price of bitcoin has been attributed to many factors: aggressive monetary easing by central banks, plans by Facebook to develop its own digital tokens, and market manipulation via Tether, another crypto asset. But another force may be giving bitcoin a lift: demand from Chinese investors.
Anders Behring Breivik has apparently admitted culpability to the events and he will no doubt attempt to exploit his appearance in court today for propaganda purposes.
The places we hang on to, perhaps, are the ones that somehow remain fixed in time, or out of time, so that nothing seems to change: bthe stretch of/b Big Sur coastline in California is bso regularly cut off /bfor months at a time by winter storms (huge boulders blocking the unsteady one-lane road) that the population seems to be diminishing,b if anything,/b as if the whole area were growing steadily less developed and more and more returned to rock and sea.
The new level represents a rebound from a low of 776.76 reached in October 2002 when the US was emerging from recession and after various accounting scandals had sparked a series of high profile bankruptcies.
VW still faces significant challenges in China. For a start there is the huge competition gunning for the market leader – China has twice as many brands on sale as the US and three times as many manufacturers.
Personal inflation is rising faster for the wealthy than for the wider population. Last month, the UK consumer price index (CPI) recorded 3 per cent inflation, eurozone inflation hit a 16-year high of 3.6 per cent, and Morgan Stanley estimated that the global weighted average inflation rate would hit 5.4 per cent. But high-net-worth inflation is estimated to be more than double that.
Fire sales, where assets are sold in a manner that can sharply depress prices and thereby pressure other investors into selling their assets, was a hallmark of the financial crisis in 2008, when Lehman Brothers collapsed.
Soros drank an espresso and, a few minutes later, a final champagne toast with the last of his guests. Alexander, his 23-year-old son, perched on the arm of his chair and ruffled his father's hair in farewell. Everyone else took that as a signal to depart, too. Soros was in a mellow, triumphant mood that night – and with good reason. He had spotted Obama early on. His ubiquitous political consigliere, Michael Vachon, still has among his papers a rumpled itinerary from a trip he and Soros took to Chicago in February 2004. In the upper right-hand corner of the page, Vachon had scrawled, “Barack guy”. The Senate candidate had been keen to meet Soros and called the pair repeatedly during their visit. But it was a packed schedule and Soros could only offer a 7.30am breakfast slot at the Four Seasons.
“I haven’t agreed to anything,” mr trump said. “China would like to get somewhat of a rollback, [but] not a complete rollback because they know I won’t do it.”
London and new york have been hit especially hard, while many of those still in employment fear for their future.
James Gorman, Morgan Stanley chief executive, told the financial times in October that there was “way too much capacity and compensation is way too high” in the banking industry. The FT reported then that the investment bank was preparing more pay and job cuts in early 2013 in its effort to reduce costs.
However, the improvement comes against a backdrop of geopolitical tension after the Swedish government banned the use of equipment from Chinese suppliers Huawei and ZTE for the country’s 5G networks. That has provoked concerns about potential retaliation by the chinese government against Ericsson, a Swedish company.
With paranoia growing around the world about the reach of targeted Facebook ads and Google’s big data, the opposite seems to be happening in China, where this week users of one social network are protesting against “discrimination” by information-gathering bots.
China consumes half the world’s supply of pork, which has been squeezed by a swine fever epidemic. Pork accounts for about 60 per cent of Chinese meat consumption and is a crucial ingredient in a varied and delicious national cuisine. Demand is inelastic. Consumer frustration is rising with prices.
Too big? Universities have certainly grown. Participation in higher education among the under-30s is now up to 50 per cent. At every stage of this long-term trend the sceptics have said the demand can’t continue, but then it does. South Korea, one of the heroes of the coronavirus crisis, with a sophisticated and effective response, has 70 per cent of its young people going to university. Britain’s birth rate was at a low point 18 years ago, so the real challenge now is to plan for growth as the number of young people starts to rise again.
One of Mr Fielden's most artful sleights-of-hand has been his treatment of fashion. He has banished male models from the editorial pages and instead outfitted subjects such as tennis star Roger Federer and survivalist Bear Grylls in clothes that are stylish but accessible. It is a Trojan Horse strategy of sneaking fashion into the magazine on the backs of interesting, well-rounded men whom other men might care to read about.
To recap, many websites, especially news sites, publish summaries as “feeds” in a format called RSS (Rich Site Summary or Really Simple Syndication). Google Reader, a free service, aggregates these feeds, bringing them together into one meta-newspaper of the user’s design. There are many competitors but Google is good at making news searchable and browsable. For people who help to make the news, especially bloggers, Google Reader was the tool of choice. This has led many to question the wisdom of the decision to close it. “By killing the flower,” wrote MG Siegler in TechCrunch, another news outfit, “Google could also kill the bees.”
&ldquo This company is independent of the government.&rdquo  Sheikh mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, the ruler of Dubai, tetchily confirmed yesterday that his emirate will not guarantee the debts of Dubai World, the publicly owned local conglomerate now struggling with $59bn of debt.
According to a directive from the Ministry of Finance, China’s largest petrochemical, tobacco, telecoms and power generation companies will have to pay 15 per cent of their post-tax profits to the government, up from the current dividend of 10 per cent.
The call by a task force of academics and former us officials comes amid fears that the new president could set off a destructive trade war between the world’s two largest economies. But in a report the experts argue that an increasingly protectionist and mercantilist China has left the US no other option but to get tough after the failure of diplomacy and more moderate trade actions .
The crisis engulfing Toyota deepened yesterday when the us government urged the owners of more than 2m recalled cars and trucks to &ldquo stop driving&rdquo  them and take them to dealers for repair.
Prof Liu not only knows how the carbon market ticks. Through the Tsinghua consultancy, he also helps wind the clock.
Tesla announced the unexpected resignation of its chief financial officer late on Wednesday, adding to an exodus that has brought wholesale turnover to the electric car maker’s senior management ranks.
With the end of his US presidency in sight, barack obama is racking up a series of legacy-friendly trips. Fresh from his historic visit to Cuba in March, mr obama will become the first sitting us president to go to Hiroshima later this month.
Glencore secured fast-tracked EU approval – scheduled to be announced today barring any last-minute glitches – by agreeing to terminate a large contract to buy zinc from Nyrstar and to sell its 7.8 per cent stake in the Brussels-listed mining and metals company, people familiar with the situation said.
Mr Yamamoto believes the dominant role of large corporations in business life is weakening. Partly thanks to entrepreneurship education “young people do not all want to be soldiers for big companies”, he says. Flotations of university spin-outs have increased enthusiasm for the commercialisation of research among academics. They are meanwhile likely to become more assertive in protecting their intellectual property rights following the establishment of a new division of the high court specialising in IPR. Mr Yamamoto says: “There could be an increasing number of cases brought by the universities against the companies.”
mr mandelson told a discussion on the Doha round: “It will end with success or failure in the next two to three months, in my view.”
The controversial unit at the centre of JPMorgan’s $2bn trading loss has built up positions worth more than $100bn in asset-backed securities and structured products – the complex, risky bonds at the centre of the financial crisis in 2008.
In Europe, government bonds rallied and equities weakened after the european commission cut its economic growth forecasts for the eurozone.
Speaking at the un climate conference in Copenhagen, Mr Soros argued the reserves were unnecessary and should be lent to developing countries, through a &ldquo green fund&rdquo .
Japan is a long way from beating France as the world's top tourist destination – the latter attracts about 75m visitors a year – but the japanese government is, nonetheless, pushing tourism as a strategic industry and has set a target of 10m visitors by 2010.
When companies get together to deal with an outcry over their behaviour, they usually have three goals: to get the public off their backs, to head off government action and to ensure that any sacrifices they make are shared by their competitors. All three are difficult to achieve and most corporate collaborators settle for one or two.
Over the past 10 months, the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC), Hong Kong's market regulator, has secured seven criminal convictions, including three prison sentences, in insider dealing cases. Another defendant was given a suspended prison term.
“Over the past five years, the 12-month forward p/e discount of emerging markets to developed markets has fallen from 45 per cent to 7 per cent. It would not be surprising to see emerging market equities trade at a parity with developed market equities within the next year.”
Known in some circles as the “Hamburg Hills”, the country estates, farmhouses and new ifinca/i-style villas around the villages of Cas Concos and Calonge have been drawing holiday home-buyers from Germany since the late 1980s. In those days the attraction was price and an escape from the beer-drenched tribes in the more developed areas.
Farid Daim, Nottingham
The development bank said requests for funding had exceeded the $5bn originally allocated for pandemic-related projects.
Of the 10 principles of war taught to all cadets at Britain's Sandhurst military training academy, coping with &ldquo surprise&rdquo  is among the most important. General Stanley McChrystal has had to tackle many potentially career threatening surprises during his tenure as commander of US and Nato forces in Afghanistan, from suicide bombers to unreliable Afghan political partners. But it would be fair to assume that he can never have expected to be undone by an article in Rolling Stone, one of America's premier cultural magazines.
Speaking at the Sibos conference in hong kong yesterday, William White, the former chief economist at the Bank for International Settlements, also warned that government actions to help the economy in the short run might be sowing the seeds for future crises.
The us securities and exchange commission alleged that Stanford International Bank, located in St John's, Antigua, and one of several companies run by Mr Stanford, sold about $8bn in “certificates of deposits” by promising “improbable and unsubstantiated high interest rates”.
After clearing the jam at the toll booth, the truck finally makes its way towards the Gujarat border, dodging crater-like potholes and swerving at the last minute to avoid a broken down truck left parked in the middle of the highway.
The finding that higher inequality harms economic performance mirrors the results of a similar study by the international monetary fund earlier this year. But the OECD’s analysis goes further because it concentrates on rich countries and attempts to establish the exact cause of inequality’s harmful effects on growth.
As far as I can tell, this is a relatively new thing. The famous power-women of yesteryear, from margaret thatcher to Nancy Reagan, all came complete with bags surgically attached. For Thatcher, it seemed to serve as a kind of weapon and symbol of femininity (it's a bouufant! No, it's a battering ram). For Reagan, ditto. But between then and now, some sort of generational shift has occurred.
For students trying to decide whether to study for a business degree just when the pandemic is changing the courses on offer and how they are taught, Theresa Cho has some advice.
A group of chinese investors has struck the country’s biggest single investment in a German company, agreeing to buy the Munich-based engineering specialist, KraussMaffei Group, in a €925m deal.
It was a two-and-a-half-hour ride in the morning, in an almost deserted carriage. We glided through the fallow, snow-dusted countryside of Heilongjiang, or Black Dragon River, which the Russians call the Amur. Small farms by the tracks were stripped of cattle and human life, driven inside by the storm. The only signs of life were fogged windows and smoking chimneys, the only dabs of colour were bright gold ears of corn stored for the winter in backyards.
Its reluctance to use monetary policy tools is even more striking. Although a belated increase in interest rates is widely expected soon, they are unlikely to rise by enough to restore them to a neutral level. As a result, policy is set to remain overstimulative. The central bank’s caution may be due in part to concern about denting growth. But the main reason is undoubtedly fear of attracting further large short-term inflows into China that would increase upward pressure on the renminbi.
As warren buffett says, “You never know who’s swimming naked until the tide goes out.” For the emerging economies, the financial tide is being pulled by the strong dollar, driven by the perilous blend of a loose us fiscal approach and tightening monetary policy. This is familiar. So who is swimming naked? Argentina, still recovering from the 12 years of the Kirchners’ leftwing populism, is today’s leading example. That, too, is familiar. Is Argentina unique? Alas, possibly not.
Blued had already received $30m in its second big round of fundraising in 2015, giving it a total valuation of $300m.
Yu Xuejun, head of the china banking regulatory commission office in Shenzhen, next to Hong Kong, said this week, in an unusually frank speech for a regulator, that the currency system had made the PBoC “passive”.
But companies thinking of dabbling in word-of-mouth methods should be wary. New research suggests that some long-held claims are at best misleading and sometimes just plain wrong.
The World Bank has barred India's Satyam Computer Services from doing business with it for eight years, in one of the severest penalties by a client against a large Indian outsourcing company.
“Looking back at the late 1990s, it was more of an investment boom and less of a productivity story than we thought at the time,” saysb /bBart van Ark, a professor at Groningen university in the Netherlands and director of international economic research at the US Conference Board(虽然FT中文网以前写的是大企业联合会，但国内一些政府部委网站都写的是世界大型企业联合会，新华网也是如此). “From 2001 onwards it is not an investment story – it is a productivity story.”
Others may feel certain that this is the right time to do some urgent work on themselves. Successful companies worry about their brands, so why shouldn't you? And sometimes, as Ms Mowbray says, “we don't know what people really think of us until we ask”./i
More plausibly, as the economist Joseph Sabia suggests in a forthcoming article, ”if the realised benefits of sexual intercourse are higher than the ex ante anticipated benefits, adolescents may substitute time and energy away from investments in human capital and towards investments in future obtainment of sex.”
Five years ago, barely anyone there was connected to the internet. But last year alone China's internet population increased by 24 per cent to 137m people online, according to the China Internet Network Information Center. Yet while that number is high, it barely accounts for one tenth of China's population of 1.3bn – 200m of whom live on less than a dollar a day.
Christine Lagarde, finance minister, will outline the proposals at a meeting of finance ministers from the G20 in London on Friday. She will also brief her european union counterparts in Brussels today.
Several health technology companies plan to use the ­athletes’ data to help re-engineer the tracking devices that will then be repositioned for the amateur sports performance ­sector or the $61bn weight loss market.
That argument must be challenged. The US and China both engage in cyber offence. But there are big differences in what they do. The US is largely focused on securing information that protects national security. China’s operations are alleged to be different. The bulk of its operations – often conducted by the military – are said to involve the theft of intellectual property from western companies. China has always denied such activity. But western businesses say they find it truly alarming.
But the “war on terrorism” will not be won by killing terrorists. That was certainly the view of most of the Indian politicians and security experts that I spoke to last September. They were sceptical about US strikes inside Pakistan and advanced the usual arguments. Bombing suspected terrorist bases was bound to cause civilian casualties. That would only bring fresh recruits for the jihadist cause. The received opinion in Delhi, at the time, was that the problem was still best dealt with by Pakistan.
The china banking regulatory commission said it was worried about “the systemic risk of some large enterprises”. The move adds to the problems facing Anbang, known for splashy purchases including the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York.
The finding comes despite stepped-up US efforts to persuade countries to bar Huawei from their networks on the basis that it could help China conduct espionage or cyber sabotage.
The debate about austerity – and the relationship between public deficits, national debts and growth – has missed a crucial point. Unless countries are on the verge of a bond market strike, the amount of debt or the size of the deficit matter less than what activity the taxpayer is actually funding. If spending supports areas that increase growth rates via increases in productivity and innovation – such as education, skills, research and new technologies – then the long-run ratio of debt to economic output could be lower (and the state in better shape) than if its spending is less productive.
Leading european companies have also been playing down suggestions of shortages — while making clear that the situation could change if the outbreak was unremitting.
With the departure at the end of this year of its top World Bank official, however, China risks losing that seat at the bank’s top table, introducing another potential irritant into an increasingly sensitive relationship between Beijing and both the bank and its sister organisation, the international monetary Fund.
Taiwan's government said on Friday that it had lost track of $30m in foreign aid after it handed the money to two men it barely knew hoping they could help establish diplomatic ties with Papua New Guinea.
Step into the offices of Search investment group and you will see a giant Pop-Art statue of Superman in the foyer.
On the tidy campus of Yingli Solar, Baoding’s biggest solar company, workers play basketball outside during a lunch break. Inside, the brightly lit machines whirr, click and zap, transforming polysilicon ingots into panels that are shipped off to Brazil, Germany or America.
And if voice-responsive intelligence needs nothing more than a microphone and an internet connection, why should not Viv also make the leap into Samsung TVs and the 100m appliances such as fridges it ships each year?
“Speaker Pelosi and I tried to call the vice-president this morning to tell him to do this,” Mr Schumer said at a press conference in New York. He added that Mr Pence’s office had kept the pair on hold for 25 minutes “and then said the vice-president wouldn’t come on the phone, so we are making this call public, because he should do it right away”.
Australia’s first stock exchange specifically targeting Chinese listings began trading yesterday, raising A$8m for two mainland companies and making a sales pitch to others eager to escape listing delays that are affecting the Shenzhen and Shanghai bourses.
Mr Eckert has a long record in consumer products, having worked at Kraft Foods for 23 years. A native of Chicago, he had misgivings about moving to California after joining Mattel. Now he says he will never live anywhere else.
Things have certainly come a long way for the three MBA alumni from Haas School of Business at Berkeley, who formed the company in 2007 with a small amount of money they won in a Haas business plan competition. But their journey to their current success has not been straightforward.
“Also, while some of the dishes are traditional and well-known, some seemed to be special creations of the restaurant. Vegetarian dishes are sometimes bland but the food here has lots of flavour.”
In a study published on Wednesday, BCG examined seven industrial equipment industries in which chinese groups are already among the top global producers – solar panels (four chinese companies in the top five), coal power equipment (three Chinese), rail rolling stock (two), wind and power transmission (one each), and civil aerospace (no Chinese in the top five).
At the time of introduction there was much debate on the level of choice to be offered to members. MPF is a defined contribution system where members choose their investment strategy from a range of funds available under their current plan.
Initial expectations of a global automotive powerhouse have given way to frustration over Chrysler's exposure to sport- utility vehicles, pick-up trucks and minivans at a time when us consumers have been moving to cars and crossover vehicles.
Mansoor Mohi-uddin, chief economist at Bank of Singapore, said Joe Biden’s victory over donald trump in the us presidential election had further bolstered confidence in China’s currency.
Argentina’s peso suffered its biggest one-day fall since the 2002 financial crisis after the country’s central bank pulled its support for the currency in an effort to preserve foreign exchange reserves that have fallen by almost a third over the past year.
The fall appeared partly a reaction to Bank of America's warning that it would face higher than predicted writedowns in the fourth quarter.
“There have been court judgments recently protecting foreign intellectual property rights, and they have been upheld,” he says. “This has been helped by the fact that the Chinese have developed their own brands domestically, and want to protect them from being pirated by competitors.”
China and Japan are heading towards military conflict, according to a majority of Chinese surveyed on ties between the Asian powers in a Sino-Japanese poll.
The official bounty for Osama bin Laden’s capture of $25m proved insufficient for associates to betray him during a decade as the world’s most wanted man. Perhaps the us government could have saved itself time and effort by offering something more akin to a market price, which is closer to $75bn judging by the financial world’s initial reaction to his death.
“We've had enough market dislocations over the last dozen-plus years to know there will be another,” says Stephen Friedman, a Goldman director and former senior partner. “But Lloyd is someone who knows trees don't grow to the sky and you don't have unending expansion without rough bumps along the way.”
Here Mr Brown’s strategy has been baffling. His clashes with the prime minister during the decade and more of their partnership have been legion and, almost invariably, have centred on the timing of the succession. If Downing Street had been less of a permanent battlefield, an administration that can claim to have governed quite well would have had a much stronger record.
According to the US Census Bureau, the nation’s trade gap rose by 18.8 per cent in December, to $59.8bn — more than expected by economists — as exports fell by 1.9 per cent and imports rose by 2.1 per cent.
Our current debates about national identity are as nothing compared with what the Japanese went through after the catastrophe of 1945. Deciding to highlight what they made, and had always made, the Japanese devised in the mid-1950s the system of designating craftsmen in ceramics and lacquer, textiles and wood, as Living National Treasures. These supreme practitioners are celebrated for making something exquisitely new while staying entirely faithful to tradition. Our current loan exhibition, emiCrafting Beauty in Modern Japan/em, which closes next month, celebrates 50 years of Living National Treasures, presenting some of the greatest things made in Japan since the war, which are being shown abroad for the first time.
The Philippines supreme court has backed a defence pact that will allow the US to base ships and aircraft in the country as part of a strategy to counter increasingly assertive Chinese behaviour in the south china Sea.
Should Pyongyang agree to the overture, the military talks would be the first for three years. They have been slated for Friday in the truce village of Panmunjom, located in the heavily fortified but misnamed demilitarised zone, or DMZ, between the two nations.
The ZGC Innovation Center bills itself as a one-stop incubator for the tech start-ups of the American future. Its main facility is in Santa Clara, California, just down the road from the Google and Apple campuses. Its new Boston location is squeezed between two of the world’s most prestigious educational institutions — harvard university and the massachusetts institute of Technology.
The recently cleared road to Beichuan town was clogged yesterday with ambulances, military vehicles and trucks carrying supplies in and refugees out. Giant boulders still littered the road and the surrounding mountains were scarred with huge landslides, some of which had buried whole villages.
Ria knows she is risking the wrath of both her husband and her very devout, middle-class family. She also knows that not only are the men around her cheating, but so are many of her girlfriends. And while she married young to a man her family approved of, she still craves intimacy and adventure. ”I love my husband, but I need someone else to make me feel alive,” she says.
But there is no great bargain opportunity, either. And the way funds are piling in to the most popular markets suggests bubbles could easily form there.
Of the 756 miners at work, 584 escaped, leaving 172 behind. Nine men were trapped in a nearby mine when the shaft flooded.
The price of platinum, a key ingredient in cars' tailpipe catalysts, has already surged 50 per cent since January after power shortages in South Africa, the world's largest producer, forced miners to cut their operations.
The world's economies have reached a new level of interdependence. The new president should reflect this fact by pursuing policies that sustain investor confidence, increase trade opportunities and the number of Americans who benefit from them, more effectively mobilise America's human and financial capital to boost competitiveness, and engage in a collaborative effort to restructure the global policy architecture. Globalisation is unlikely to stop  the big challenge for the next president will be to find ways to enable greater numbers of Americans to derive more benefits from it, rather than feel threatened by it, and to seize the growing opportunities it provides.i
Benazir Bhutto, the first elected female leader of a Muslim state, was on Thursday killed in a gun and bomb attack after a rally in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi. The death of Ms Bhutto, 54, who had served as Pakistan's prime minister from 1988-90 and again from 1993-96, raised the spectre of instability and violence in the nuclear-armed Muslim nation.
Rod Beddows, chief executive of Hatch Corporate Finance, which specialises in metals, says there is “massive pessimism” in the steel industry about current conditions and future prospects, with the worries being most intense in Europe. “A lot of companies are floundering and not sure about how to alleviate the problems linked to overcapacity. New thinking is required but seems absent.”
Every one of the deserted streets contains burnt-out buildings. Many of the surviving properties had white silk scarves tied to the locks – an apparent signal to rioters that the owner was Tibetan and that their building should be spared.
The 550's derivative predecessor, the Roewe 750, largely flopped.
Speaking for the first time since the return to China was announced in May, Sir Paul said it had been “massively disappointing” to pull out five years ago.
Data providers Markit and IHS are to combine in a $13bn stock deal to create a financial and corporate information powerhouse to challenge Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters.
The landmark five-year loan, a sign of Riyadh’s newfound dependence on foreign capital, opens the way for the country to launch its first international bond issue. It comes as the low price of crude encourages other Gulf governments, such as Abu Dhabi, Qatar and Oman, to tap bond markets.
Even market-making, a role somewhat sidelined in the past decade by the rise of electronic trading, has made a comeback with bank executives once again keen on “flow” businesses such as trading foreign exchange, a bank-dominated market where they risk little capital overnight but take fees from each trade and can ride the market volatility.
But the US pressure has had no impact on Iran's big-ticket exports to China, such as oil, petrochemicals and minerals.
Speaking just two months ago, mr abe insisted he would press ahead with the tax rise unless there was a natural disaster or economic blow as big as the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy — and then paved the way for deferral by telling G7 leaders that just such an alarmist scenario existed.
But the two Chinese policy banks are now stepping back. As the beijing government puts pressure on its banks generally, mainland credit is being tightened both at home and abroad. While speculation about credit tapering continues in the US, it is already happening in China – big time. And the consequences for parts of the rest of the world will be painful.
The surprise acceleration in chinese car sales, announced by the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, contrasts sharply with other major markets as well. According to initial estimates, US car sales expanded 8 per cent to 15.6m vehicles last year after double-digit growth in 2012. Brazil’s car market, the world’s fourth largest, last year reported its first annual decline in a decade.
In a filing to the hong kong stock exchange on Wednesday night, Rongsheng said it would sell convertible warrants to Wang Ping, a private equity investor, and change its name to China Huarong Energy Co.
The credit derivatives market started life with good intentions, designed as a risk management tool to help banks manage loan exposure to companies.
This year it launched a $100m programme to revamp the IBM unit, including a 5 per cent cut in the workforce. It has invested heavily in sales and distribution channels in the US, where IBM had focused on selling to big corporations.
The human resources ministry said that a number of local governments had transferred assets to the National social security Fund, where managers have broader latitude to invest in riskier assets, including up to 40 per cent in equities and stock funds.
Free-market fundamentalists hope that the incoming tide of government interventionism will rapidly ebb, leaving markets once again to enjoy the freedoms of light tough regulation. That is wishful thinking. Sure, no government in its right mind sees the crisis as a way to return to an out-of-date form of planned socialism run by unaccountable bureaucrats. But it is foolish to believe – after three decades in which advocates of unbridled laisser faire have ruled the ideological roost and amid the worst financial crisis in two generations – that prevailing intellectual fashions will not now swing far the other way.
In recent years, hong kong has established itself as a leading international financial centre.
In the past six months that gap, which previous administrations pledged to close, reached its widest level since the Census Bureau started collecting the information in 1994.
As well as changing undead skeletons into fully fleshed zombies, the upgrade has replaced the bare-boned corpses of dead characters with neat graves.
Prof O'Driscoll says that as well as offering new teaching possibilities, use of technology in executive mba programmes has another advantage that is highly relevant in an increasingly global business landscape. “The people that go through our programmes will not only learn about marketing and finance and strategy,” he says. “They will also learn how to work in a business at a distance with people from different regions of the world.”
Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said on Thursday that the US would sign up to the World Health Organization’s Covax programme to “advance multilateral efforts” to halt the spread of coronavirus.
Ironically mr prince has also come under criticism internally for being too tough on costs. Following the market reaction to Citigroup's second-quarter figures in July, when the shares fell 2.5 per cent on a marginally disappointing 8 per cent rise in earnings, he again warned his managers that they may have to tighten their belts.
Fosun said its longstanding chief executive and co-founder, Liang Xinjun, had stepped down for health reasons and been replaced by Ding Guoqi, senior vice-president.
Just in time, a new piece of research from Accenture, the consultancy, arrives to remind even the most gung-ho dealmaker that M&A remains complicated, risky and unpredictable. A survey of 154 senior managers in the US revealed that inadequate pre-deal planning was still leading to a familiar catalogue of real-life problems that do not always get discussed at analysts' briefings or at press conferences called to announce a merger.
The bumper to bumper gridlock that clogs Beijing’s streets has become as legendary among regular visitors as the thick pall of air pollution that blocks out the sun and obscures the tops of medium-sized buildings.
The premise is that women and men communicate differently and that failing to appreciate the differences can hamper women’s progress in male-dominated workplaces.
China's property industry has been a favourite target for central and local government policymakers concerned about a rapid run-up in home prices over recent years, especially in major urban centres.
Jon Bergtheil of JPMorgan said copper's fundamentals had not altered significantly over the past three months, but that some investors who had held on to positions until the year-end would start shorting more aggressively.
Metal markets are in the middle of another price boom that may eclipse the one seen last spring, with copper, nickel, lead and tin all rising strongly in trading yesterday.
“Many in Congress feel they are not listened to,” Mr Baucus said. “That must change. We must also consider fast-track in the context of Americans' growing unease over globalisation, international trade, and outsourcing.”
It is hard to interpret the UK’s vote to leave Europe or the election of donald trump as making the world more predictable, but domestic stock markets shrugged at the former (after some initial jitters and a sharp adjustment in the value of the pound) and greeted the latter with a merry step up. Elsewhere, Italian bonds were not too fussed by the failure of Matteo Renzi’s constitutional referendum in Italy. The shanghai market was reasonably stable even as Chinese economic headlines were dominated by capital flight and the country’s high levels of private-sector debt. So much for the chestnut about markets abhorring uncertainty.
Back in 2013, the ratio of household debt to GDP, including mortgages, amounted to a relatively modest 30 per cent. But last year it was up at about 53 per cent of GDP, according to data from Gavekal, a research boutique in Beijing. (And since the data capture bank lending only, the number could be understated.)
As with any maturing business cycle, though, the troubles will probably favour the biggest manufacturers. The top domestic makers have increased their share of the domestic wind market at the expense of smaller contenders and overseas competitors. Vestas’ share of the chinese market fell almost a third last year.
president barack obama has promised to review the administration's Afghanistan policy in December. After this review the US should stop talking about exit strategies, and accept that the Taliban will inevitably control most of the Pashtun south. Instead Washington should move to ensure that north and west Afghanistan do not fall too, using for many years to come US air power and special forces – some 40,000-50,000 troops – along with the Afghan army and the help of like-minded nations. Such a de facto partition would be a profoundly disappointing outcome to America's 10 years in Afghanistan. But, regrettably, it is now the best that can realistically and responsibly be achieved.
I first predicted the turn in 1997, in an innocent age when delivery was something that involved a van and when architect was a noun. However, this year I give up. Never mind the fact that in 2006 one manager solemnly told me his bank was “moving to solution-based relationships, away from relationship-based solutions”. I am predicting that things will go on getting worse. There will be no turn in 2007, or in 2008. Cant will go on growing and the trick is to enjoy it.
The drop in the LPR – which is based on the average lending rate commercial banks extend to their best customers – will lower funding costs for chinese companies as they deal with intense disruption from measures to contain the Covid-19 outbreak.
The surprise announcement came as Credit Suisse announced that net profits last year almost doubled to a record SFr11.33bn ($9.1bn).
At the same time, the Bank of England reiterated its promise to take “all actions necessary” to ensure the banking system had enough liquidity. It promised to double the size of its special liquidity scheme to &pound 200bn and will bring forward plans to set up a permanent discount window, similar to that operated by the Federal Reserve.
IBM mounted a rare legal action against Amazon.com yesterday, accusing it of breaching intellectual property rights that underpin the e-commerce company’s fundamental online business model.
“Credit demand has vanished following the outbreak of the coronavirus,” said an official at SRCB. “The best way to bring it back is by offering better terms.”
Paul Bays and Masud Husain asked volunteers at University College London to look at a computer screen featuring a number of objects. After a few seconds it went blank and one object reappeared in a slightly different place. The volunteer then had to say whether it had moved to the right or left.
Japanese nuclear technicians have stopped the outflow of highly radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean from the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant.
When Huawei’s new handset manufacturing complex opens in 2016 at Songshan Lake in southern China, it will include a building modelled on Krakow’s Wawel Castle. The former Polish royal residence was preferred over proposals based on other European beauty spots including the palace of Versailles, Granada’s Alhambra and Windermere in the English Lake District. That a fast-growing telecoms group should draw inspiration for the next phase of its assault on the 21st-century global phone market from a 16th-century castle is not as strange as it sounds.
Policymakers believe that as the markets become more comfortable with the new arrangements the credit freeze will gradually thaw. If it does not, they are grimly determined to return with still more force.
He said MMG, which has focused on base metals including nickel and zinc as well as copper, could also look “a little bit wider” as part of any Minmetals diversification. MMG — which is 74 per cent owned by Minmetals, a Chinese state miner — and other Chinese partners bought Las Bambas from Glencore in a $7bn deal in 2014, one of the largest transactions completed during what has been a multiyear commodity downturn.
Zimbabwe’s army seized control of the country on Wednesday, saying it was removing “criminals” around Robert Mugabe and holding the president for his own safety.
The contrast between the US’s resurgent “old economy” industries and its troubled technology sector came to the fore on Friday when heavy machinery maker Caterpillar reported its best-yet quarterly earnings while personal computer maker Dell capped a bad week for technology companies with a profit warning.
“I am feared  therefore I am.” This is more than a restatement of Machiavelli's celebrated advice that, for a ruler, it “is much safer to be feared than loved”. Vladimir Putin, the latest in the long line of autocratic Russian rulers, would agree with the Italian on that. But the war in Georgia is not just a re-assertion of Machiavelli's principles of statecraft  it is a renewal of Russian national identity. It is yet again feared. In the eyes of its rulers, therefore, it exists.
As things turned out, the second of these certainties helped falsify the first. Communism was brought down by economic failure. The grey men in their Zil limousines — remember Yuri Andropov? — could match the US thermonuclear missile for thermonuclear missile. Those they had imprisoned behind a wall began to notice that the western model made for a rather better life.
It must be the most surreal moment in Anglo-Indian relations. Gordon Brown's high-profile trade visit to India this week was overshadowed by the furore over bickering between British C-list celebrities and a Bollywood film star – both trapped inside a house rigged with hidden television cameras as part of UK reality television show emiBig Brother/em.
If this "law" holds, the difference in specialization between China and India works to China's longer term growth advantage, including in services. Hence the question: what is the evidence for and against Kaldor's proposition in the context of countries of the Chindia type?
that he did would accurately describe his play.
Of all the things that could have spoiled the debut of Sony’s 3D television business this year, an Icelandic volcano was perhaps the furthest from Akira Shimazu’s mind.
But the automation on display at this factory is emblematic of a new industrial revolution in China driven by the changing nature of the labour force: the three-decade-old one-child policy has led to a shortage of labour  competition for workers is so fierce that employers have had to dole out raises in the high teens annually to retain them  and many youngsters increasingly prefer working in China’s restaurants and stores to the tedium of making widgets. The labour shortage is likely to worsen because China is ageing fast. Less than 20 per cent of the population is under 14, down from almost a quarter a decade ago, according to the World Bank.
The Israeli prime minister is fighting the elections weighed down by a preliminary indictment for fraud, bribery and breach of trust. He is currently neck-and-neck in the polls, with the centre-left opposition led by Benny Gantz, a former head of the Israeli military. The campaign is also taking place against the backdrop of continuing unrest in the Gaza Strip.
The “haircut” on Athens’ obligations was designed so as to preserve the eurozone’s (unnecessary) conceit that none of its sovereigns could default. It was naive to think a distressed debt exchange could ever escape a rating downgrade. But by insisting that bondholders participate “voluntarily”, leaders try hard to avoid a “credit event” – a ruling by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association that CDS on greek debt are to pay out. They seem to have got their way: ISDA indicates that CDS will not be triggered by a voluntary debt swap, even if it writes the bonds’ values down by half.
There has been an excellent analysis of the prospects by the well known labour economist, Richard Freeman of Harvard*, to which my colleague, Richard Tomkins, referred in Saturday’s Financial Times. Professor Freeman estimates that the entry of China, India and the former Soviet bloc into the world economy resulted, by 2000, in a doubling of the number of workers in the global economy to nearly 3bn. As a result, the ratio of capital to labour fell to 60 per cent of what it would otherwise have been. Moreover, the newcomers have rapidly rising technological skills, but much lower wages than their western counterparts. The effects can be seen in wage cuts some German workers have accepted to discourage employers from moving to east asia or to their former communist neighbours in central and eastern Europe.
The statistics bureau attributed the jump in part to a base effect from the timing of the lunar new year holiday, which this year fell in February but occurred in January of 2017.
Hong Kong’s main exchange plans to capitalise on what it believes will be demand for commodity risk management coming from China with the launch of metals, agriculture and other commodity derivatives denominated in the renminbi.
The US and China have opted for a convenient if short-term fix for their tough trade talks, pushing back the March 1 deadline in the absence of a deal. Hitting the deadline without a mutually acceptable agreement would have led to unpleasant consequences for both sides.
The Sanmen nuclear power plant, designed by Westinghouse, is the first in a series of AP1000 reactors that China agreed to license and build in a deal signed in 2006.
Ms Berresford says she doesn't see many differences in the leadership that men bring to foundations versus their female counterparts.
In contrast, the PBoC was slow to cut costs of capital with the benchmark one-year loan prime rate dipping a mere 30 basis points since the outbreak. The chinese central bank has also shrugged off calls from a think-tank backed by the finance ministry to purchase government bonds from the primary market to offset the fiscal deficit.
“The bulletin will be very positive and very good for banks' overall development,” mr wang said.
mr obama was right that the rules needed to change. Investors knew that, in a crisis, the government would write large cheques to keep systemically important institutions afloat. This open-ended insurance dulled bankers’ sensitivity to risk and weakened institutional culture. In good years traders posted huge profits, leapfrogging less prolific colleagues in divisions such as retail banking. Once buccaneering investment bankers occupied the commanding heights of financial institutions, many banks came to seem more like casinos. Lax regulation did little to discourage rash behaviour.
Christopher Choa, an architect who recently left Shanghai after a decade, says the energy of a city could eventually impose itself on the blander new constructions. "Inside every modern chinese city there is an old chinese city trying to get out," he says. "The issue is whether the ililong /ilife will seep out into the empty spaces."
Speaking a day after a meeting behind closed doors with european union finance ministers in Brussels, Dominique Strauss-Kahn said he did not believe the euro was at risk. But he said there must be a more “comprehensive, integrated” plan to shore up the region’s finances and calm investor fears.
donald trump responded to a growing crisis surrounding his White House by rekindling a public war with the us intelligence community, accusing it of mounting a “criminal” campaign to undermine his presidency by leaking information on his aides’ ties to Russia.
What to do? By &ldquo recentring&rdquo  the policy band that pegs the Singapore dollar to an (undivulged) basket of currencies, the monetary authority of Singapore gains a pitifully modest devaluation &ndash  estimated by analysts at about 1-2.5 per cent. MAS was careful to attach some suitably tough language, in effect putting currency traders on notice that more aggressive action will not follow. In truth, there is not much more Singapore can do. Sharper depreciation may help exporters, but any gains would be modest so long as global demand is in hibernation. Meanwhile, a weak currency would encourage capital flight, the Asian leitmotif of global risk aversion. Net capital outflows for the region as a whole were $145bn in the second half of 2008, according to the World Bank, or more than net inflows in the whole of 2007.
The two nations will use the talks to flesh out the 10-year plan for co-operation on energy and the environment that was unveiled in Beijing in December. The focus will be on long-term issues but they will also discuss steps that could contribute to a less volatile oil market in the near term.
The volume of global M&A topped $1,000bn in the first three months of this year, the highest first quarter on record, fuelled by record private equity deals, ambitious chief executives seeking growth and cheap financing opportunities.
“If we’re serious about our role in the world, we must be serious about funding our military,” said Mr Sajjan. “And we are.”
I am not a student of theology and therefore do not claim to understand the subtleties of the Catholic Church’s teaching on science. But since the Pope has moved outside his own natural territory and into energy policy, some response seems appropriate.
Instead, afterstrongb moving on/b/strong two financial institutions owned partly by the government, Chinatrust and its controlling shareholder, Taiwan’s wealthy and influential Koo family, are being roughed up by regulators.
trade flows between China and the region have certainly exploded – from $8.2bn in 1999 to $70bn (&#8364 50bn, &pound 35bn) last year. Yet the expected flood of chinese investment has yet to materialise, although latin america has watched chinese companies pour funds into Africa.
The production suspension comes as the credit rating of Botswana is put under pressure from declining diamond revenue.
The crisis has plunged the restaurant into debt, forcing mr zhang to make almost half of his workforce redundant and ask the remaining staff to take a 20 per cent pay cut.
The hong kong government cherishes the territory’s reputation as a low-tax oasis, which it considers fundamental to its competitiveness as an international financial centre.
Mr Uriel explains that a team of eight people can control every camera, exit and public address loudspeaker and so ensure that bottlenecks do not form (the police have their own conventional closed-circuit TV system for crowd monitoring).
Mr Loh says: “In Asia, if you exit, you never really get back in. Many competitors were suitcase bankers: they pulled out.”
As we walked around, the baker left me in no doubt as to why he was happy to be out of restaurants. “It's war out there between the different chefs,” he claimed. But what he was most happy about at the moment was that he had just finished training someone who had started as a kitchen porter to become a baker. He feared, however, that it would not be too long before the young man headed back to his native Uzbekistan to open his own bakery.
The International Air Transport Associationforecasts that airlines in Europe will have a combined net loss of $1.1bn this year, up from a previously estimated loss of $600m, as carriers cope with both the fallout of the eurozone crisis and China’s economic slowdown.
But the third most costly building is almost certainly the giant semiconductor fabrication plant being built by TSMC in Taiwan for about $20bn. When operational next year, the facility will contain clean rooms the size of 22 football pitches in which silicon chips will be manufactured at dimensions that redefine the meaning of wafer-thin. At just 3 nanometres, TSMC’s wafers will be as thick as the length your fingernail grows in three seconds.
Losses across the region were contained thanks to gains in South Korea, leaving the FTSE asia pacific index down just 0.1 per cent at 268.02.
“Look at the situation from all angles, and you will become more open,” said the post, promoting a white Mercedes. Beijing sees the exiled spiritual leader of Tibet as a dangerous separatist and the Instagram post prompted criticism on Chinese social media, even though the picture-sharing app is officially blocked in China. Daimler swiftly issued not one but two apologies, after the first was deemed “insincere” by The People’s Daily.
These rankings are expec-ted to remain unchanged from 2006 to 2010, the report suggests. FDI will remain concentrated on a relatively few countries, with the top 10 recipients accounting for more than two-thirds of global flows.
“I wanted to have a global career. Canada and the US were just too similar,” he says. This month, the 26-year-old started the mba programme at Insead’s Paris campus instead.
Many believe this year's price will average about $120 a barrel, but Arjun Murti, of Goldman Sachs, has predicted a spike to $200 and Alexey Miller, chief executive of bGazprom, the Russian gas monopoly, has forecast oil will hit $250 a barrel in 2009.
Liu Aihua, spokeswoman for the country’s National Statistics Bureau, said the figures “demonstrated a momentum of restorative growth and gradual recovery”.
“Xi’s pledge will need to be backed up with more details and concrete implementation. How much earlier can China peak its emissions? How can we reconcile carbon neutrality with China’s ongoing coal expansion?” said Li Shuo, an energy policy officer at Greenpeace in Beijing.
The auction of more than 1,500 parts is likely to fetch more than $1m, according to GoIndustry DoveBid, the online auctioneer.
The high-profile computer match made AI and deep learning into buzz­words, prompting the government and business to announce plans to invest billions of dollars to try to catch up with the likes of Google’s DeepMind.
Condoleezza Rice, us secretary of state, insisted that Moscow could not divide those countries that had already entered Nato from those that still aspired to do so.
Friedman's championing of free markets to enhance personal liberty and achieve the optimal allocation of society's limited resources helped turn the tide on collectivism in the past quarter century. But the battle of ideas is never permanently won. Exploring ideas from fundamentals was his hallmark. Long after he has gone, people will debate these four issues, but few will achieve his ability to illuminate them with such laser-beam clarity.
Whether they enjoy much short-term traction is doubtful, though. Third-quarter results were drab: sales fell 1 per cent, year-on-year, to €19bn, while operating profit from the four main divisions was down by a third at €1.3bn. True, restructuring charges accounted for four-fifths of the profit decline. Even so, the only significant bright spot was in healthcare, where margins improved. Looking ahead, Mr Kaeser was downbeat about market conditions, citing stagnation in Europe and weakening US demand. As for margins, last week’s warning tore up a 2014 target of 12 per cent, and the new boss is understandably cautious about suggesting a new objective. He did note, however, that the make-up of Siemens’ recent order growth – backlog is a record €100bn – will mean future margin dilution.
The latest stop on the renminbi’s whistle-stop tour to international stardom is Taiwan. From now on, Taiwanese banks will be able to clear transactions in the “redback”, making Taipei another offshore renminbi centre alongside Hong Kong. With Singapore and London jostling to be next and China now firmly established as the world’s second-largest economy, surely it can only be a matter of time before much of the world’s trade is settled in renminbi and central banks are holding a substantial part of their reserves in the Chinese currency?
The foundation now makes bigger bets on 20 non-profits that can prove their results, instead of scattering grants across dozens of smaller projects as most traditional foundations do.
mr greenspan criticises China for continuing to prevent the renminbi from strengthening, saying it reflects the misguided view that a weak currency is necessary for export growth and political stability.
Miss Leung, who is head of the student union at the University of Hong Kong, told me about the awareness campaigns under way and the hope that the flawed electoral reform that sparked unrest might not win enough votes in the legislature.
Inappropriately blingy dresses, dizzying fascinators and spiky high heels on soft grass: this weekend’s Grand National has become as much a spectator sport for the fashion highs and lows in the stands as for the horses taking on the famous Aintree steeplechase.
I am slightly surprised we have not seen this modern calamity captured in heart-tugging news pictures akin to the environmental catastrophe tropes of seals trapped in plastic bags. Perhaps some terrifying pictures of frazzled toddlers clutching Huaweis, or children gazing at their tablets and singing “They’re here”, like the little girl in front of the TV in Poltergeist.
It is thought that mr mittal has his sights on controlling about 50m tonnes of steel output in China within about five years – a goal that, if attained, would make his company almost certainly one of the largest steel suppliers in China.
Key provisions in the legislation, known as The foreign investment Risk Review Modernization Act, could affect investment firms that have foreign investors — particularly Chinese investors— even when that money is a small part of the total and the foreign investors have no say in operations, lawyers and executives at these companies say.
Deepening economic interdependence and a strong desire to avoid another strategic conflict will restrain bilateral frictions. The dual nature of Sino- Japanese relations – simultaneous competition and co-operation – requires that both sides engage in an honest dialogue about, but defer resolution of, the most intractable issues such as territorial disputes, Taiwan and Japan's permanent seat on the UN Security Council.
In a joint communiqué they agreed “to set in vigorous motion the two wheels of both politics and the economy to take Sino-Japanese ties to a higher level”. （注：a href="http://news.xinhuanet.com/politics/2006-10/08/content 5177472.htm" target= blankhttp://news.xinhuanet.com/politics/2006-10/08/content_5177472.htm/a）
The photograph of a government official kneeling before the angry, protesting parents from Fuxin Primary was published in chinese media and quickly became a potent symbol of growing outrage over the 7,000 classrooms that collapsed.
The weaker-than-expected figures and a jump in the unemployment rate will maintain pressure on the federal reserve to cut interest rates by 50 basis points at its next policy meeting, even though policy-makers remain concerned about inflation.
Ten people have died and 15 were injured after a van struck pedestrians on Monday afternoon in Toronto, police said.
As waves of deleveraging have engulfed the financial system, accompanied by bank failures and rescues over the past year, stock markets have sought to establish bottoms in price. That has proved elusive as bad news from banks and the global economy has intensified.
In one of the more downbeat prognoses, Sherman Chan, economist at Moody's ratings agency, said many businesses were struggling amid weakening external demand. She added: “China's growth miracle has finally ended.”
“The scale of PBoC’s easing package was somewhat disappointing to doves,” said Mizuho currency strategist Ken Cheung.
Data from Soho China, which raised $1.7bn from its hong kong initial public offering last year, show that land prices in Beijing more than doubled from about Rmb2,000 per square metre in February 2007 to nearly Rmb5,000 in December.
A number of the world’s biggest banks have launched international roadshows urging corporate customers to use the renminbi, instead of the dollar, for trade deals with China.
On issues such as Guantánamo Bay and Afghanistan, the US is likely to make painful requests of the Europeans, requests that will be all the harder to ignore precisely because of the philosophical convergence between the two sides. Difficult strategic decisions await on topics such as Iran, the Middle East and Russia. All the time, Europe and America will have to work closer than ever on the issue mr obama identifies as his biggest challenge of all – the economic and financial crisis.
The company's parent, bChina National offshore oil Corporation, was thwarted in its attempt to buy oil and gas group Unocal in 2005 after the us congress raised objections about the planned $17.8bn bid on security grounds.
In an online kindergarten this week, a boy is bouncing on his bed, with his hair flying everywhere. From the next room, his dad shouts words not normally heard in the kindergarten class. But this is pandemic kindergarten — and we’re all being bounced around.
TriOptima, the company that organises so-called compression cycles where trades are torn up, said the industry managed to cancel $30,200bn of credit derivatives in spite of the strain put on bank back offices after the failure of Lehman and a number of other institutions in the final quarter of last year.
While the earth is going to hell in a handbasket, what you are about to read may seem hideously self-indulgent, even fatuous. But then my professional life has been dedicated to frivolity, so you’ll have to bear with me.
The Pearl is RIM’s answer to critics – including many loyal BlackBerry users such as me – who love BlackBerry’s easy, secure and reliable wireless e-mail capabilities but feel compelled to carry a separate bcamera phone/b and/or digital music player.
Five Arctic powers are holding a summit in Greenland on the 28 May to forestall a confrontation over the Polar region's mineral resources and discuss how to protect its fragile environment.
This is not just a case of the market cleverly weeding out the good from the bad. Women are not given worse terms because their businesses are more risky, smaller or in less attractive industries than men. The many studies I looked at explicitly compared like for like. It is not that women are worse at business than men and so present worse credit risks – the average venture-backed technology company run by a woman is started with a third less capital yet has annual revenues that are 12 per cent higher than those run by men.
The data suggested an increasingly self-sustaining eurozone recovery might help to compensate for slower growth elsewhere in the world. The last time eurozone quarterly growth exceeded that in the US was in the third quarter of 2001.
The US and its two key Asian allies promised on Thursday to work closely together to ensure north korea dismantles its nuclear programmes quickly, with us secretary of state mike pompeo noting that north korean leader kim Jong Un understands the urgency of timing for the country’s complete denuclearisation.
mba students had a tougher ride after the financial crisis of 2008. Between 2008 and 2014, the average salary of MBA graduates three years after they left business school increased by just 4 per cent to $127,000. At the same time, the average cost of two-year MBAs increased by 44 per cent to $104,000.
Now, though, Germany may be calling a halt to its banquet or removing some of the dishes. It this week withdrew approval for a €670m takeover of chip-equipment maker Aixtron by Fujian Grand Chip, an investment fund. Together with regulatory delays to ChemChina’s proposed $44bn takeover of Syngenta of Switzerland, this suggests Europe is taking another look at the bill.
At the time, european leaders could afford to smile at the reference. But as Nato prepares to celebrate its 70th anniversary in Washington this week, the ambivalence of Mr Clinton’s remark seems charged. The commemoration of the 29-member bloc has turned into a public test of the  tensions tearing at the transatlantic relationship since Donald Trump took office.
The people who prepare president barack Obama’s national security briefing must be wondering what to put at the top of the pile. Should it be the Russian assault on Ukraine, or the advance of the islamic state of Iraq and the Levant (known as Isis) in Iraq and Syria? And what items should go just below that?
He has already strengthened management drawn from the for-profit world. Patty Stonesifer, the Foundation's chief executive and a former senior Microsoft executive, has recently stepped down. mr gates and his wife Melinda replaced her with Jeff Raikes, another top Microsoft executive, last autumn.
The original initiative was announced as the pandemic took hold across the globe this spring, to offer short-term relief to poor countries struggling to meet the immediate healthcare, social and economic costs.
A group of developing countries led by Brazil have signalled their rising opposition to the international monetary Fund’s handling of Greece’s bailout by refusing to back the latest aid payment to Athens this week.
Angela Ahrendts last week sat down to write an open letter to her daughters, Sommer and Angelina, and posted the result on LinkedIn for all to see. Most people liked it a lot. Inspiring! Beautiful! Fabulous! Empowering! — was the verdict on Twitter.
“Some galleries are changing the declared value on the artworks brought into China, banking on the fact that the person opening the crate won't know the real value,” says Simunovic. “Or they send the work out again and complete the deal in Hong Kong.” These advantages have enticed a number of new galleries to Hong Kong, he says.
Alibaba is splashing out RMB 28.3bn ($4.63bn) to buy a 19.99 per cent stake in Suning, which bills itself as China's largest consumer electronics retailer , a deal that will make the Chinese electronics giant the second biggest shareholder in Suning.
Get rid of him. He is a toxin that has been introduced to your work environment and his continued presence will make it uninhabitable. His irritating ways are likely to mask deep psychological problems. One of the few precious joys of being boss is the ability to choose your subordinates. Get on with it and stop moaning.
British 15-year-olds scored an average of 495 in the Pisa 2006 reading test, whose results were published in December by the OECD. This put them firmly into the “average” category. But “native” British children scored 499, according to more detailed OECD analysis. Had immigrants' children performed as well as this, Britain would have vaulted into the league of “statistically significantly above the OECD average” countries – raising it above Japan and to the same level as Switzerland.
Apple could be forced to raise US prices to compensate for higher duties on the Chinese-made products or take a hit to profit margins.
In a rare public admission of the scale of the problem, the Florence-based luxury label said it intercepted and blocked the sale of about 90,000 counterfeit products from online auctions last year and seized and destroyed 10,000 more.
angela merkel said on Sunday that the fall of the berlin wall 25 years ago should serve as inspiration in tackling today’s global challenges, including the crises in Ukraine, Syria and Iraq.
1. trade war moderation will give a modest bid to global growth, but not enough to keep central banks in developed markets from tightening their easy liquidity policies.
In the long run, a conditional bail-out combined with persistently positive bond spreads could even be a healthy development for the eurozone. Putting roughly the same value on Greek and German debt – which is what financial markets did for most of the last 10 years – never made sense.
A Greek and US national, Ms Goldberg has strong academic credentials, including a five-year spell as the first female editor in chief of the prestigious American Economic Review, a position that requires tact and toughness in decisions to accept or reject the articles on which scholarly careers are founded.
Mine is more a judgment on the implications of the Fed's decision. Put simply, Bear Stearns was deemed too systemically important to fail. This view was, it is true, reached in haste, at a time of crisis. But times of crisis are when new functions emerge, notably the practices associated with the lender-of-last-resort function of central banks, in the 19th century.
Instead, reporters were cordoned off behind a velvet rope while surly guards stopped them even stepping on the red carpet trod by the political stars.
The banks also faced waning interest from cash-strapped structured investment vehicles (SIVs) in selling assets to the fund, according to someone close to the plan.
However, much of the good news has come as a result of extraordinary levels of liquidity pouring into opportunities around the globe. To a large extent this is due to the Federal Reserve's expansionary monetary policies early in the decade and the US administration's fiscal stimulus. The yen carry trade has also facilitated the buoyant expansion of investments and leverage evident everywhere today. The low spreads, the tremendous build-up of liquidity, the reach for yield and the lack of differentiation among borrowers have stimulated both dynamic growth and some real concerns.
Spreads on credit default swaps on Italian and Spanish banks have fallen since the introduction of the ECB’s three-year long-term refinancing operations in December. Spreads between yields on debt of some vulnerable sovereigns and German Bunds have also eased.
Now there’s a question for the deal that Morgan Stanley struck last year to sell its oil trading operations for an undisclosed sum to Rosneft, the Russian state-owned producer. The sale is in early days still. But it faces scrutiny from the Committee on foreign investment in the united states (which blew away the wind farm deal) at some point. Months after the deal was signed, Russian troops rolled into Crimea and made the prospect of the state oil company getting to know the us market rather geopolitically challenged. So what happens if the Rosneft deal faces regulatory resistance?
The growing Japanese influence on life in Guangdong might surprise those who remember the antiJapan demonstrations that swept China in April 2005. Then, as stone-hurling protesters attacked Japanese factories, consulates and restaurants in cities across China, there was animated talk that Japanese investors might scurry to alternative low-cost production centres such as Vietnam.
Ms Ulrich says that, as the economy moderates, official priorities are tilting towards maintaining growth and employment.
It’s easy to shrug off the current spike in inflation as temporary. Food prices, after all, tend to settle rather quickly once the weather calms and farmers take their cue. Energy costs, too, may begin to ease when the Middle East regains stability. So, why hike rates if the current price shock is bound to fade in a few, short months?
warren buffett never bets against the US, the country where he built his fortune. “The record of American business has been extraordinary . . . We are lucky — gloriously lucky — to have that force at our back,” he wrote in his annual letter to berkshire hathaway shareholders on Saturday.
China’s regulators attempted to stimulate growth with tax cuts at the beginning of the year, although many economists note that these will not be effective in bolstering economic activity in the short term. The government has also pushed local governments to issue more bonds in order to finance more projects.
The falls came despite a rash of government initiatives around the world, which seemed to have no positive effect on confidence, leaving investors to rush to the safety of government bonds. European equities were pummelled as investors took no comfort from grand statements from the continent's leaders at the weekend promising a co-ordinated approach and followed by individual actions. Across Europe, governments followed Germany's weekend move to guarantee retail savers' deposits, with similar steps taken in Denmark, Sweden and Austria.
Interest rate-sensitive sectors also ranked among the biggest losers, with property companies and utilities sliding as a measure of inflation expectations rose. The 10-year break-even rate, which is derived from prices of US inflation-protected government securities, breached 2 per cent on Monday for the first time since late-2018.
European private banks and other wealth managers have maintained their cost base over the past two years, despite plunging investment returns and declining assets under management, RBS found, eroding returns for their clients.
“I was born in the soviet union under communist rule. Having felt that oppression, instinctively, personally you never want to compromise,” Mr Brin said.
It is a dizzying gamble and there are billions of euros riding on the outcome. If the wager pays off, Europe will hold its own against mighty China and the US  if not, the entire project will be regarded in hindsight as a breathtakingly indulgent folly.
mr zhou has come under attack on numerous fronts in recent years from opponents and has felt personally frustrated by the opposition to many of his policies.
The monk, who asks to remain anonymous to protect his family, served time in jail for his part in the 2008 Tibetan protests – crushed by China – against what locals say is the destruction of their culture, language and natural resources and their own economic marginalisation at the hands of Han Chinese migrants.
It is risk-on time for emerging markets. Last week’s sovereign bonds from Argentina and Russia confirm it. Both came from creditors not usually regarded as safe or secure, yet both were amply oversubscribed and both have traded strongly on secondary markets.
Despite the allure of getting to listen to music all day, the job is not as easy as you might think, says Ms Simmons. The toughest part is staying constantly abreast of music's various applications and implications in pop culture.
The figures suggest China's powerful growth remains un-checked, even after five interest rate rises this year, directives to state banks to cool lending, and repeated calls by the central government for tighter enforcement of environmental rules.
Schneider is appealing the court's decision. Mr Tricoire warned that failure to overturn the ruling could set a dangerous precedent for foreign companies with technological expertise working in China.
The bank’s monthly China Purchasing Managers’ index dropped to a three-month low of 54.4 in the final month of the year, from 55.3 in November.
The swiss bank said yesterday its former chief operations officer, Pierre-Olivier Bouée, had ordered surveillance of its former head of human resources, Peter Goerke. It said chief executive
Today, the fiercest political and economic competition is between China and the US. A conventional view is that by, say, 2040, China’s economy will be far bigger than that of the US, with India far smaller still. But might this view be mistaken? Capital Economics, an independent research firm, answers “yes”, arguing that China's period of stellar outperformance might be coming to an end quite soon. (See charts.)
Henley Business School’s latest annual survey of corporate learning found that half the organisations in its sample were already looking at doing some sort of blended learning during 2015.
Signs of unease about the renminbi peg against the us dollar have begun to emerge across Asia in recent months, although there is little support for any attempt to force China to change tack.
Two days after the People’s Bank of China surprised the world by letting the renminbi slide, investors and policy makers are still puzzling over whether it was a benign move towards a market-driven exchange rate or a competitive devaluation.
Following the sudden and unexpected cessation of romance with a sustainable economic development researcher, am I due any recompense for giving up Christmas with my family and investing emotionally and financially in both a transatlantic flight and 11 of my 20 days of annual leave, given that there was the suggestion that ”next year we can spend it with your family” or indeed, that there would be a next year at all?
I wanted to kiss her. It was not just the word, so sharp in contrast to the soft drivel that nearly everyone lets rip whenever they discuss diversity. It was also the bracing sentiment that delighted me, even if I had a nagging doubt that she might be wrong. Surely, I protested, the ideal number of egos on a board was zero?
Others think it marks a cultural shift. A decade ago, China was desperate for foreign help and skills. Now that the country feels more confident about its ability to thrive in the modern world, officials may feel less need to let foreigners in.
Tough competition is common in many Chinese sectors, but few fickle consumers have been as fiercely fought over as the nation's beer drinkers.
Clearly the real pay dirt is if you can get a TV crew interested  that’s about three people each needing to gulp down a £15 coffee from the plains of Yemen. Then, obviously, you will want to buy a few more cups to test on passers-by for the prestige 10.20pm slot on the nightly news. Of course, the screamingly expensive coffee is just the one that garners all the publicity and pulls in the self-selecting aficionados. Regular punters can get a shot of house joe for the bargain price of £3.50.
But another game, the “stag hunt”, languishes in relative and undeserved obscurity. In the stag hunt, two hunters must each decide whether to hunt the stag together or hunt rabbits alone. Half a stag is better than a brace of rabbits, but the stag will only be brought down with a combined effort. Rabbits, on the other hand, can be hunted by an individual without any trouble.
The Hunt Brothers cornered the silver market for a while in the 1970s and warren buffett bought heavily in the late 1990s. These moves, in part, reflected surging gold prices and doubts about the worthiness of fiat currencies controlled by central banks.
The New York-listed company said on Wednesday that it was consulting the market — which includes sovereign wealth funds, asset managers and central banks — about boosting exposure to A-shares in the MSCI EM index, which is tracked by $1.9tn of assets.
Coal is the cheapest, most secure solution. China and the US each possess more than 30 per cent of the world's coal reserves.
The shares were acquired at a discount to BlackRock’s then trading price of $178.50. BlackRock’s shares have traded at $209.4 in the past 12 months. They closed at $176.4 on Friday.
But the us federal trade commission last week fined TikTok $5.7m for alleged pre-merger violations by Musical.ly of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). The FTC said the app was collecting personal information, including email addresses from children under 13, without parental consent. The issue is sensitive at a time when YouTube is facing concerns that has been facilitating paedophile networks on its comment sections.
All these fortunes have been made in accordance with the law. So it becomes difficult for anyone who accepts capitalism to say any of these people do not deserve their wealth.
tim geithner wants a strong dollar. Ben Bernanke wants a strong dollar. For all we know, Kate Middleton is rooting for the greenback. But what the us treasury secretary and chairman of the federal reserve say they desire is not matched by their actions and they have got a weak dollar.
The “software” of China’s political economy will still be built around centralised control. But its rapid growth has overlaid – and undermined – this control with expansionist regional government and growing networks of private economic power. China’s software is also badly degraded by “bugs” such as endemic corruption and gross misallocation of resources. Set against Beijing’s inherent desire to control and direct, this growing functionality gap is a source of frustration. China feels like it is running Windows 95 in an Android world.
The acceleration of the listing, which was announced yesterday, represents an apparent turnround from the company's statement last week that it would “consider seeking a dual primary-listing . . . in due course after completion of the transaction”.
A dual-lens system can bring all sorts of advantages to a smartphone that hitherto have been the preserve of standalone cameras. It can make autofocus faster and improve low-light photography. One of the pair can add extra zoom without compromising picture quality or adding bulk. The extra camera can also allow a wider angle for better landscapes and selfies. When combined with the right image-processing software it can add effects associated with expensive single lens reflex cameras, like a bokeh background or shallow depth of field, without needing to attach extra lenses.
When dozens of world leaders descended on Rio de Janeiro last June for one of the biggest global environmental conferences in 20 years, observers had a dilemma: should they stay in the conference hall to watch the parade of presidents and prime ministers? Or head out to see executives from Microsoft and dozens of other companies at various parallel green business events dotted around the city?
When global commodity prices tumbled, the result in Katanga was painful: in the space of weeks luxury house-building projects and freshly imported jeeps vanished to be replaced by unemployment and rising crime.
A get-rich-quick atmosphere is also enveloping silicon valley at the moment, with wall street investors competing to buy privately-traded shares in social media companies such as Facebook, Twitter and their imitators. It has a mysterious newcomer in Color, a photo-sharing application for mobile devices that has puzzled many users but which easily raised $41m – several times the usual amount – in its first funding round.
I think of China as being very much like the US in the post-second world war period — a huge, single-language market with rising consumer demand. It will pull the rest of Asia and many emerging markets into its growth orbit.
Only time will tell how evenly or rigorously the anti-monopoly law will be applied. Some open questions may be answered by implementing rules that will be issued before the law takes effect on August 1 next year. Others will only be answered when the law is applied in practice.
Officials from the enforcement division of the us securities and exchange commission are talking to a number of banks in an effort to find solutions to restore liquidity, according to several people briefed on the matter.
But if these backward attitudes were, as he believes, bred in the bone, how does one account for India's growth since it liberalised in the early 1990s? Growth miracles such as that confound cultural pessimism. They suggest that the right incentives can summon the right attitudes rather quickly. The striking success of economic migrants once they move from poor countries to rich points the same way. I believe that culture is much more malleable, for good or ill, than Mr Clark allows.
In spite of its losses in the fourth quarter, Morgan Stanley said it would have remained well-capitalised in terms of its regulatory requirements even without the investment from CIC.
Today, the adopted son of a rural family consorts with global philanthropists such as Bill Gates, Hank Paulson, former us treasury secretary, and Ray Dalio, the founder of hedge fund Bridgewater. But in 2004, Mr Niu’s act of giving away virtually all the proceeds of a listing was unheard of in China.
China’s commitment to rein in carbon emissions is set for a boost with the likely appointment of Chen Jiming, head of Beijing’s Tsinghua University, as environment minister, local environmentalists say.
It warns: “Many employers, particularly those who operate in fiercely competitive and generally deflationary markets such as retailing, have seen their pay structures compressed. As a result, those who invest in training their staff and supporting further education and who want to be able to recognise and reward new and enhanced skills are un-able to do so.”
In the more distant past there was Michael Milken who, as Junk Bond King, milked 'em for all they were worth. And Asil Nadir, now a fugitive from justice in Cyprus, whose fraudulent antics at Polly Peck represented a nadir for shareholders, the Serious Fraud Office, a government minister who resigned and the entire British political establishment.
For all its ills, economies that leave markets to follow Gordon Gekko’s greed-is-good mantra – borrowed from Ivan Boesky’s “greed-is-healthy” – still generally support a higher standard of living than those with hard-left ideologies. Chasing the bucks weeds out inefficient operators. Sometimes society is best served by liquidating a dysfunctional company.
These setbacks aside, the thrust of those policies, implemented from the top in the absence of viable unions, were a step in the right direction. Despite his protestations, mr wen knows that China's 1.3bn people need to save less and spend more. As far back as 2006, he warned that the economy was “unstable, unbalanced, unco-ordinated and unsustainable”. What he did not say was that, given its growing weight in the global economy, what goes for China goes for the rest of the world.
“We’ve hit the bottom, things can only getter better from here,” says Mr Costa, 17, who is confident of landing a job at a hotel by the time he finishes his three-year professional training course in tourism in 2015.
theresa may intends to visit China “relatively soon” to shore up Britain’s trading arrangements with the world’s second-largest economy, said UK and Chinese officials.
Last month, the Philippine legislature enshrined its claim to nine islands in law. Separately, Malaysia's prime minister repeated his country's claims in the area.
Don’t worry, Brexiters: I’m not trying to relitigate the 2016 referendum. Rather, the point is how our relationship to words has changed since. Time moves faster nowadays, as technological change speeds up. In just two years, most people have learnt to distrust words from anyone outside their immediate circle (which is bad news for those of us in the word-selling business). If Brexiters made their NHS promise today, few would believe it. But once everyone has become sceptical, how do they inform themselves about the world?
A receptionist escorts me into a conference room high up in a tower that has some of the most expensive rents in Hong Kong. The meal is already on the table, and I am told that the cousins are on their way. I am expecting to see plastic containers, but the food has already been transferred on to fine Wedgwood porcelain. Our places have been set with linen napkins, embroidered with the KKR initials.
People close to Rio said yesterday that the offer “isn't even close” to a level that would tempt the company into a friendly deal with BHP. “They would have to come back with a completely different offer.”
Sustaining a manned space station would be the crowning achievement of China’s ambitious space programme, whose budget, though dwarfed by that of the US, is set to triple by 2026.
He forecasts growth in Russia to drop sharply to 3.5 per cent in 2009 (possibly lower if commodity prices continue to fall and the banking system does not stabilise) and Brazil's growth to be nearly cut in half to 2.9 per cent next year compared with 2007. In contrast, he forecasts China's growth at 7.6 per cent next year and India's at 6 per cent.
Pinduoduo claimed in a call with analysts in November that more than 10,000 sellers on its site had seen their business affected by a rival “forcing merchants to take sides”.
This was welcomed by analysts and industry executive outside Taiwan. James Kim, the vice-president of Hynix, South Korea's second-biggest Dram maker, said that Korean suppliers are much less reliant on outsourcing production than their Japanese and American rivals, and so would not be hurt by trouble among Taiwanese manufacturers.
However, the Ukrainian revolution has political implications that go well beyond its borders. For a quarter of a century this huge territory perched precariously between the EU and Russia has been the object of a geopolitical contest between the Kremlin and the west. In 2008 president george W Bush made a clumsy attempt to tip that contest decisively in the west’s favour, seeking to draw two former Soviet states – Ukraine and Georgia – into the US-led Nato alliance. president vladimir putin responded with force. He drew a line under any new attempt to weaken Russian influence in its near abroad, road-blocking the Nato applications and invading Georgia. But the Maidan revolution now offers a second chance for all parties to reconsider the status of Ukraine on the faultline of Europe. If Ukraine can be drawn into the economic and political community of Europe without alarming Russia, this would be an immense achievement for European values and for the international standing of the EU.
In fact, Russia’s state gas company has been discussing the planned deal with China’s CNPC for so many years that many started doubting it would ever happen.
The last time the Fed caught the markets by surprise with a mini-tightening cycle was in 1994-95. That episode, as mr greenspan reminded us last week, contributed to the crisis at Kidder Peabody, General Electric’s investment banking subsidiary. If such a scenario were to materialise again, investors would no doubt blame Mr Bernanke. But the Fed could reasonably reply that it made clear all along there were risks in both directions.
BYD, the struggling Chinese carmaker, has unveiled an electric vehicle developed with Daimler of Germany as it attempts to engineer a reversal of its declining fortunes.
If nicolas sarkozy claimed credit for much of the progress at the G20 summit and barack obama won plaudits for his nimble diplomacy, China gave a more cautious welcome to the results of the meeting.
I didn't get into architecture school in Germany. I just wanted to get out so I went to America and travelled around. new york was the place for me. I loved the anonymity and the intimacy. The intimacy is because it's a city of expats and people really provide a lot for one another. They're much more conscious of their friends who haven't got a place to go on Christmas Eve. They reach out and that's amazing. Everybody feels that way. You feel proprietary about new york once you live here. You kind of own it in a way.
In the midst of the current widespread gloom and doom in the west, it is important not to lose sight of the true structural themes shaping our era.
The US S&P 500 index fell as much as 2.9 per cent in afternoon trading on Monday, before trimming its losses to trade 2.1 per cent lower, as the latest infection data undercut hopes of the virus being contained.
Mr Clini has strongly denied any wrongdoing, calling the allegations “false” and “ridiculous”. Although the investigation has been running for more than a year, Italian prosecutors have not filed any charges against Mr Clini as they scrutinise the Chinese projects.
Bankers said the company's future now depended on whether the government was prepared to provide a financial lifeline, at least on a temporary basis. The government has stressed its reluctance to provide any tax-payers money to prop up AIG. However, one possible option could be for a loan to be made via a third party, such as bank which can access funding from the Federal Reserve.
“If Greece wants to deviate from some of these measures, it must bear the cost itself rather than exporting this to other european countries via a debt cut or other such ideas,” Mr Gabriel said.
The north korean dictator said Mr Trump’s speech to the UN general assembly — where the us president declared that “Rocket Man is on a suicide mission” — had convinced him that his decision to continue developing nuclear weapons was the “correct path”.
As the region’s middle class expands, more than 1.6bn Asians continue to live on less than $2 a day. These people lead highly vulnerable lives. It is time for asian governments to raise the bar on growth  to commit to a future in which all their citizens have access to the basic tools needed to participate in a modern economy and to benefit from the region’s huge growth potential.
The closure comes as Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which bought dow jones in 2007, steps up the restructuring of its businesses in the region.
Swift, which has about 11,000 bank members, said yesterday that it had ordered clients using its Alliance Access interface software to install a mandatory upgrade after attackers “successfully compromised the banks’ own environments” in order to send messages.
More interesting, therefore, is the identity of the Chinese buyer. Early reports suggest the stake was bought by the state administration of Foreign Exchange, which operates under the central bank, rather than the freshly-minted china investment Corp, the sovereign wealth fund. SAFE, with its mandate to manage foreign exchange reserves, has adopted a far racier investment style in recent months. It recently bought a 1.6 per cent in France's Total, the fourth-largest oil group. Economic patriots have far more to fear from SAFE than CIC. It is bigger and growing faster: as economist Brad Setser notes, this year's increase in forex holdings, estimated at $600bn, is approaching the portfolio managed by abu dhabi Investment Authority, the world's biggest sovereign fund. SAFE's funding costs are lower than those of CIC, which is financed by bonds carrying a 4.5 per cent coupon and has to bear foreign exchange risk. If SAFE really is flexing its muscles, the flow of chinese investment overseas is only just starting.
“If a search deal is to be made, it's probably to be made in the interim period for new leaders in both places.”
Yet it is extremely difficult for the authorities to judge which blows the system can endure and which might trigger a meltdown. There were no precedents for judging whether the biggest insurance company could be allowed to fail or whether a domino effect would follow. Ultimately, the Fed saw too much systemic risk, reversed course and intervened in AIG.
This year, scandals involving sex, drugs and bribery erupted across the industry. These are a problem for a business that promotes bands with squeaky clean images to teenage consumers. Shares of the three biggest entertainment companies are down more than a quarter this year.
Late on Sunday in California, the iPhone and iPad maker confirmed reports by security researchers who had warned that a swathe of popular Chinese apps had been created using developer tools that were infected with the malware, resulting in the compromised apps.
Accusations in two newspapers that Washington was using Google as a foreign policy tool were echoed by chinese government officials yesterday.
One of the terrible aspects of acute mental distress, as Borgna so perceptively puts it, is that words shrivel up and become meaningless. It is more or less impossible to hold a conversation with someone who is deeply depressed. But it is not impossible to be with that person. As with the dying, it is perhaps only gestures – the holding of a hand – that still have meaning. A good lunch can remind us how lucky we are still to be in a place where words, if we speak them thoughtfully and from the heart, can still have rich meaning and delight. We do not need to be conventionally religious to give thanks as we break the bread./i
Just how modest an impact the global slowdown will have on China remains to be seen. Exports will clearly suffer, but against that optimists see scope for greater investment as bruised western companies seek to cut costs through further outsourcing to cheaper markets. Even more optimistic, perhaps, is the view that domestic demand will take up the baton, thus providing China with the much-needed rebalancing it has struggled to pull off. Bigger structural changes need to occur before China turns into a nation of spendthrift shoppers: specifically, the creation of a decent welfare net.
China's commerce ministry yesterday reacted in unusually mild fashion to a world trade organisation action brought by the european union and US over Beijing's regulation of financial news and information.
Evergrande’s stock fell as much as 11.2 per cent, while China Vanke’s dropped as much as 8.4 per cent and China Resources Land as much as 6.7 per cent.
“Those who attack America’s exceptional environmental record while ignoring China’s rapid pollution, are not interested in the environment,” he said, adding that critics sought only to “punish” America.
D.K. Nair, secretary-general of the Confederation of Indian Textile Industry, points out that India's textile exports to China have been flat for the last five years at around $70m-$75m, less than one-fifth of the value of India's fast-growing textile imports from China, which stand at around $375m. The confederation complains of China's currency manipulation and subsidies but also blames shortcomings in India.
“Nobody at GM is declaring victory,” Rick Wagoner, chief executive, said. “There is still a lot more work to do to achieve our goals of steady growth, solid profitability and positive cash flow generation.”
The main regulatory hurdle that prevented Microsoft completing the takeover of Nokia’s handset and services businesses in the first quarter has been overcome, with China approving the deal.
I once gave a talk to a delegation of Danish students in which I advocated careful measurement of results, on the grounds that a lot of development spending is faddy and based on sketchy evidence. The Danes replied that their government concentrated on promoting democracy. ''That sounds good,'' I said. ''Does it work?'' They didn't know. Nor do I.
Executives at Goldman Sachs sold almost $700m worth of stock following the collapse of Lehman Brothers last September, according to filings with the Securities and exchange commission compiled by the Financial Times.
Others are geared towards prevention. Fisher's Travel SOS has an online service, Hermes which, says Julian Fisher, managing director, provides business travellers with intelligence and e-mail alerts so that they can make decisions about the risks at their destinations. "People who are busy working don't have the time to read up like tourists might," Mr Fisher says.
Lakshmi Mittal, chief executive of ArcelorMittal, the world's biggest steelmaker, said: “I am confident the steel industry will this year largely avoid the economic downturn that is affecting other areas of the global economy. Overall, the steel industry will have a good year in 2008.”
It is unclear whether ArcelorMittal would need chinese government approval should it move to take a controlling stake in China Oriental, which is one of the few listed chinese steel companies completely free of state ownership.
The european banking Authority’s view, for example, reflects the status quo. That 27 of the region’s banks have raised €94bn of new capital to meet a 9 per cent core tier one capital ratio is deemed a success. Andrea Enria, the EBA’s chairman, reckons “European banks are now in a stronger position, which should support lending to the real economy”. That statement is wrong in theory, and Europe’s economy continues to languish.
But some women still succeed on Wall Street. Think Sally Krawcheck, Citigroup chief financial officer, and Mary Meeker, Morgan Stanley internet analyst. What made the difference? Was it just tougher skin, or did they find useful coping strategies and lines of business that were more hospitable to women?
A Syriza government free of the need for coalition allies would strengthen the leverage of the party’s militant far-left wing — and see the eurozone’s most explicitly anti-austerity government in power since the financial crisis erupted in 2008. Led by Alexis Tsipras, the party’s 40-year-old leader, it would also give Greece one of the most leftwing governments seen in a European democracy since the second world war.
Mr Mishkin told fellow central bankers and top economists gathered for the annual retreat organised by the Kansas City Fed that policymakers should not wait until a decline in house prices leads to a fall in gross domestic product, but should “react immediately to the house price decline when they see it”.
The writer is prime minister of Sweden. prime ministers Mette Frederiksen of Denmark and Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and Chancellor Sebastian Kurz of Austria co-wrote this article
Mervyn Mandelbaum, of Superba, a Los Angeles-based maker of silk ties, reflects: “The quality of what they do is not in doubt and they are very creative.” He adds: “They could be slightly more fleet of foot. In my opinion they are sometimes slow to react to ideas from the outside world.”
Jankowski’s All Against All and Robert Gerwarth’s November 1918 are two of the most stimulating histories of the interwar period to have been published in recent years. Jankowski ranges beyond Europe, tracing developments in China, Japan and the US. He shines a valuable, detailed light on less familiar episodes such as the failure of the Geneva disarmament talks and London world economic conference in 1933.
International lenders were granted more time to resolve their differences over changes to Greece’s €174bn bailout when Athens managed to raise sufficient funds to make a €5bn debt repayment due this week.
Fred Goodwin, disgraced former chief executive of royal bank of Scotland, was notorious for what were nicknamed “morning beatings”, where he focused rage and ridicule on his lieutenants. According to Shredded, Ian Fraser’s new book, the senior team would play Hangman while waiting for the meetings to start, “to see who might be ‘strung up’ next”. Richard Fuld of Lehman Brothers was known for his short temper and intimidating style. The wrath of Robert Maxwell, the late media tycoon, was epic.
climate change has been rising up the political agenda in Europe. The recent uk government report by Sir Nicholas Stern, former chief economist of the World Bank, argued that the economic costs of global warming could be far greater than the costs of acting to limit greenhouse gas emissions from the consumption of fossil fuels.
Up to 25 more us companies are considering relocating overseas to cut their tax bills this year, a senior Democratic lawmaker has warned, as he assailed investment bankers for encouraging them.
Today in Paris, european leaders have been brought together by the french government to discuss the year ahead. The top priority for the Group of 20 leading nations this year is to ensure a sustained global recovery that lays the foundations for stronger, sustainable growth. What does this mean for Europe? Addressing global economic imbalances cannot be code for a discussion between America and China, in which european countries are bystanders. On deficits, growth and banks, 2011 is the year Europe must put its own house in order.
Though all the schemes have significant differences, they are all designed to allow governments to support their banks without formally taking them into state ownership.
Home to Art Taipei, Asia’s longest-running art fair, and arguably the best biennial in Asia, too, Taiwan is known for its liberal and diverse culture. The arts scene is concentrated in the capital city, Taipei, which is also home to many of the tastemakers in the region.
This theory has some validity, though with fairly serious drawbacks. One is the threat that the pressure valve is put at such a sensitive setting that it stops the engine running at all. There were many reasons that the doha round of multilateral trade talks collapsed in 2008, but the final trigger was a row over a special safeguard mechanism for agricultural products in developing countries.
Meanwhile, concerns are weighing that the business model may be redundant in the internet age. The online offering is still in its infancy for many of these companies. In 2007 it accounted for 20 per cent of Yell UK's revenues, 34 per cent of Pages Jaunes and 9 per cent of Idearc, according to JPMorgan.
Shares in China Railway Group fell 25.8 per cent last week after the country's biggest railway operator announced a loss of $284m from structured deposits as of September.
The remark came as the International Campaign for Tibet, a rights group, and Phayul, a web portal run by exiled Tibetans, reported that paramilitary police had opened fire on unarmed Tibetans who had gathered to celebrate the Dalai Lama’s birthday on Saturday.
The call by Hamad al-Sayari followed a government announcement that it would invest in agricultural and livestock projects in foreign countries to ensure food security and control commodity prices.
Even with distributors’ costs added, such prices leave little incentive to fix leaky pipes or switch to less thirsty crops. Jiang Wenlai of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences said it was difficult for the government to raise prices dramatically.
analysts estimate that BP’s stake is worth between $25bn and $30bn. Rosneft has long been understood to be interested in it, but any move to acquire it sets up a potential clash between the state oil company headed by Igor Sechin, an ally of president vladimir Putin, and the AAR consortium of oligarchs, BP’s current partners in TNK-BP, who want to buy the stake themselves.
Fears of a severe recession gripped financial markets yesterday as dire unemployment figures from the US drove long-term interest rates down to record lows.
The economic rise of China and India draws ever more attention. But the world has taken little notice of the rising border tensions and increasingly visible differences between the two giants.
Peter Daboll, Yahoo's head of market research, calls the portal the "biggest media brand in the world". Whether or not it justifies the claim, it is certainly a force to be reckoned with: nearly half a billion people use at least one of its sites at least once a month. It accounts for 14 per cent of all the minutes that Americans spend on the internet and around 10 per cent of the world's online time, according to Mr Daboll.
Other centres are now trying to get in on the act. For example, in the Dominican Republic, the government is backing an ambitious attempt to build a new financial centre for Latin America, which would be set on a greenfield site close to some of the island's best beaches.
“In 2008, the company will adopt a proactive attitude in striving to obtain more strategic resources,” Shenhua said.
However, it is unclear if Mr Ballmer’s bid, which has trumped rival offers will count because Donald Sterling, the team’s owner, has not decided to sell.
To avert those threats, the IEA called for greater investment in nuclear power and renewables, and a drive to improve energy efficiency with policies such as tougher standards for cars and domestic appliances.
Controlling surging prices has been the main economic policy goal for the chinese government since the start of the year but November’s reading will provide Beijing with greater leeway to prop up slowing growth.
If all goes to plan, this will be an orderly affair. Prices will continue to fall on a month-on-month basis, as they did in November, when more than half of the 70 biggest chinese cities recorded declines. After another two or three quarters of this, the nationwide peak-to-trough fall could be in the order of 20 per cent, leaving prices about 30 per cent above their 2009 lows. Authorities might then try to resume some modest appreciation, congratulating themselves on eliminating one-sided expectations of price growth without seriously damaging the broader economy. Already, after four months of progressively weaker housing data, property has dropped down the list of top investment options for Chinese households, replaced by funds and wealth management products, according to a People’s Bank survey on December 22. That is what the Politburo wants to see.
However, after the extraordinary meeting in London on Thursday the miner announced that Samin Tan, who Mr Rothschild had sought to oust as chairman, would step down and that a search to replace the Indonesian tycoon was already underway.
Two years after a spectacular stock plunge and trading suspension, chinese solar firm Hanergy has returned to its core thin film solar business with a Rmb2.2bn ($328m) deal to build a production facility in the coal-choked city of Datong.
“By buying the rights to continental europe and Morocco you more or less force Nanjing to make a deal,” he said. Nanjing has already horrified MG traditionalists by promoting it as “Modern Gentleman” in China, a far cry from its roots at Morris Garages in Oxford.
But stock market volatility in both markets over the past few months has complicated those plans. Other mainland issuers have cut back the size of planned offers, in response to the weakness in the market.
Even well-established companies can scarcely keep up with demand. leading companies in India, whether multinationals or domestic, cite fierce competition for skilled workers as one of the biggest hurdles to growth. Attrition rates are as high as 40 per cent in industries such as call centres and outsourcing. Headhunters say even freshly recruited chief executives fail to turn up because they have accepted better offers.
“Often they may have served the family in another professional capacity before joining the family office, for example as a lawyer,” she says.
Chopard, founded in 1860, today employs 2,000 people and has 162 boutiques worldwide. Scheufele’s father purchased the company in 1963 and it remains 100 per cent family-owned. “We each have our tastes and specific responsibilities,” the German-born Scheufele says on a sunny morning on the terrace of her 250-year-old villa. “We start our annual marketing meetings this afternoon, and they’re probably wondering where I am.”
mrs clinton also plans a more aggressive drive to bring out Democratic women voters – traditionally her strongest backers.
"I've just heard the funniest joke of my life," says the judge.
After three decades in which China Inc was given ever greater autonomy at home and abroad, that liberalising trend is decisively over. In Mr Xi’s new era, the interplay between the party and business will instead resemble an endless game of whack-a-mole.
China’s leaders are bracing for a blow to first-quarter economic growth as the deadly coronavirus weighs on consumption, travel and manufacturing, with the lunar new year break extended until next week.
After being offered the business secretary's job on Thursday, Mr Mandelson's return was blessed by Tony Blair, a clear sign that the old Blair/Brown feud has finally run its course after almost 15 years.
A major wild card is foreign exchange rates, which have been working against Japanese producers for months. The yen soared to a 12-year high versus the dollar in March, sharply reducing the value of overseas sales in home currency terms.
A group of London's biggest hedge funds has drawn up a broad agenda for change in a bid to fend off pressure from Germany for an industry clamp-down by the Group of Eight leading industrial nations and financial watchdogs.
I look wistfully at the silver cake-stands being delivered to the other tables, each tier promising tuille biscuits, dainty cakes and finger sandwiches. I hope Clark hasn't filled up on Battenberg cake with the Queen. Thirty minutes pass. I reach for a book from the shelf - Tiaras: A History of Splendour. That couldn't be less appropriate for the down-to-earth, straight-talking leader of the furthest nation of the Commonwealth. I quickly put it back in case she catches me.
Maoye is offering 1.25bn shares, or 25 per cent of its enlarged share capital, at HK$4.35-HK$5.65 per share in an IPO sponsored by Goldman Sachs. The indicative price range represents a price-to-earnings ratio of 29-37.7 times this year's earnings forecast, compared with rival Parkson Retail's 44 times.
The starkest example of this concerns the poverty of the northern Tohoku region, which was devastated by the earthquake and tsunami. Life in its seaside towns has never been easy. Manufacturing never took root in the region and many people have traditionally had to migrate to the big cities, seeking seasonal work to support their families. In this latest disaster, countless people in closely packed settlements lost their livelihoods – if not their lives – in an instant.
But the producer of small cars said it did not see a need to revise its fuel economy figures since the performance of its vehicles did not differ significantly using a proper testing method. It also did not find any manipulation of fuel efficiency data.
“It’s a big process decision because it means companies may now have the opportunity to see unclassified facts and explain how they might be able to mitigate those concerns,” said Tim Keeler, former chief of staff at the us trade representative office and a partner at Mayer Brown.
Yujiapu Financial District was modelled on Manhattan’s skyline, complete with an ersatz Rockefeller Center and twin office towers that look uncannily familiar.
Prof Rentfrow said his work had applications in business. Companies planning to relocate may consider the personalities of people in the region as they consider their potential pool of employees. And start-ups may want to go where “openness” is high and there are more patents produced.
CASE STUDY: Great leap pays off for Suttle
One reason why professional chefs manage to serve complex menus to a significant volume of customers is that every kitchen possesses a specific area, often demarcated by a piece of equipment for which this role was never intended, that allows them to dispatch every order as it is cooked. It could therefore be considered the most important area in the kitchen although it is invariably one of the least expensive – certainly by comparison with today's costly Bonnet or Rorgue ovens. It is called “the pass”.
The reason for this is that Europe and the US have many industries and service businesses which cannot survive in the global economy. In the 1980s it was often assumed that the developing world would get the poor-quality, grunt jobs and the west would reserve for itself higher-quality skilled labour. This has proved in the past 20 years not to be the case. India, Brazil, China and south-east Asia are more than cheap labour markets  they are increasingly places able to provide high-skill, high-quality work.
“Modern Patek Philippes such as the 3970 chronograph are very hot,” explains Paul Maudsley of Bonhams auctioneers. “Also, examples with lots of complications such as the 3974 minute repeating watch which we sold an example of last May for &pound 355,000 are very much in demand.”
The piece is ravishing to look at. The white figures make their time-bending progress over the stage in a muscular legato broken only by sudden flashes of speed. Reflecting panels are occasionally used, but the final section of the work, when the stage gains a film of water and the dancers move over it, splashing and sliding, is rendered memorably beautiful by a backdrop of silvery panels that reflect a second world in which the action acquires a magical and wholly “other” existence. (It is the illusion so ravishingly used in the final section of Balanchine's Vienna Waltzes.)
Instead, the 3bn chemical “letters” of the human genetic blueprint form an extremely complex network in which genes, regulatory elements and other DNA sequences interact in overlapping ways that are not yet understood.
Dell yesterday made its long-awaited move into the IT services business with the world's second-biggest personal computer maker launching a $3.9bn agreed cash offer to buy Texas neighbour Perot Systems.
According to the hong kong Confederation of Trade Unions, 25 staff from four labour non-governmental organisations have been detained during the sweep. Of these, at least four face formal charges for disturbing public order including Zeng Feiyang, who runs a well-known labour NGO in Guangzhou, the capital of Guangdong.
Investors’ expectations of a european central bank response are rising – with justification. Yet, with his options limited, Mario Draghi, ECB president, may simply exacerbate the volatility created by his counterpart at the us federal Reserve.
But making such a complex deal work will be a slow and painful process. Microsoft will be handling the technology and automated sales but Yahoo will be speaking to the clients. All the while, the two companies will apparently continue to compete in display advertising. Finally, although a decade is an age in internet terms, what happens when the partnership ends and Microsoft's Bing engine powers all of Yahoo's search queries?
Where can we buy some of these peonies with such a venerable bloodline? It is a splendid sign of changing times that Thompson and Morgan (www.thompson-morgan.com) are now offering a range of mail-order young tree peonies. Stocks have been building up in the trade and you can even rush to book plants of the classic Paeonia rockii, three to four old specimens at only &pound 14.99 each. Delivery is not until November but there are plenty of other tree options to keep us busy meanwhile.
The H1-B visa allows companies to train employees in us business practices and provide support in the US for operations that have moved to India. So great was demand this year for the visas from indian companies that the annual quota of 65,000 was filled in a day. Three companies - Infosys, Wipro and TCS - accounted for nearly 20 per cent of H1-Bs issued worldwide in 2006. India wants the quota increased to 115,000.
For any second-term US president, there comes a point when the administration’s priorities shift away from the gruelling politics of day-to-day governing toward shoring up a legacy.
McKinsey admits that this would be a “historically unprecedented” share, but notes that “the US deficit has already broken all historical precedents”.
John Williams, president of the san francisco Federal Reserve, this week posited a solution: that the Fed might increase its inflation target, allowing the economy to run faster than otherwise and pushing interest rates higher. This would allow bigger cuts in rates during recessions.
US television networks including CBS and Fox saw off a serious challenge to their business yesterday when the supreme court ruled that Aereo, the digital video service that threatened billions of dollars of their annual revenues, was illegal.
The dramatically different approaches mark a watershed moment for the media industry, which had hoped Australia’s tough regulatory approach would help reset its terms of trade with Google and Facebook worldwide.
Mark Konyn, chief executive officer, asia pacific for Allianz Global Investors' RCM brand, said: “There is a fertile market for firms to provide their best ideas. Liquidity pools are quite significant and if you can hit the sweet spot then the flows can be sizeable.”
“It was completely different from what we teach on undergraduate programmes.”
Police closed a large section of Japan’s controversial Yasukuni Shrine on Monday and began a manhunt for a figure captured on security camera after a suspected explosive device detonated in a public lavatory.
With her slick publicity machine (her website is awesome) and her expert eye for design – she is keen to know what I think of the British cover for emiThe Shock Doctrine/em – Klein has become a global anti-capitalist brand. She is alive to the potential contradictions in all this for a No Logo author, and savvy enough to know how the system works.
Karel De Gucht, the eu trade commissioner, is inclined to bury the case, according to officials, if european companies are awarded a healthy share of a project expected to account for up to half of global telecoms investment next year.
The 2008 financial crisis in Europe and the US arose from excessive bank lending during the 2000s caused by deregulation and excess liquidity from the federal reserve and the european central Bank. The excess liquidity found its way to a variety of sub-prime borrowers. There was a housing bubble in the US, UK, Ireland and Spain  a corporate-acquisitions bubble in Iceland  and a public sector spending binge in Greece.
Violence in Iraq will continue to worsen until all foreign troops are pulled out, Dominique de Villepin has warned, dismissing as “absurd” the idea that an enlarged US force could bring stability and peace to the country.
Chinese appliance maker Midea has committed to a hands-off approach in acquiring German robotics maker Kuka, as it seeks to assuage concerns that valuable portions of the German industrial chain are falling into Chinese hands.
Citigroup is under investigation by the Securities and exchange commission over its accounting for Associates First Capital, the finance business it bought for $31.1bn in 2000.
India's two leading cities are at the bottom of an environmental ranking due out today that suggests water and air quality will increasingly become a challenge for the development of Mumbai and New Delhi.
Sitting in the bank’s offices in the 118-storey International Commerce Centre in Hong Kong, Mr Dai’s colleagues noticed that their views have been improving over the past month as mainland factories powered down. Using air pollution levels as a proxy to track the restart of industrial production, they suggested that activity could be running at 50-80 per cent below capacity.
A relaxed and cheerful George W. Bush, on his final presidential trip to east Asia, seemed visibly relieved yesterday to be leaving behind the vexatious foreign policy challenges that go with his office.
The latter course would avoid recognising and coming to terms with the painful economic realities, but it would put the banking system into the same quandary that proved the undoing of the government sponsored enterprises (GSEs) – Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The public interest would dictate that the banks should resume lending on attractive terms. However, this lending would have to be enforced by government diktat because the self- interest of the banks would lead them to focus on preserving and rebuilding their own equity.
The Banma software is known as AliOS — it changed its name from YunOS Auto last month — and was fitted in the Roewe RX5 sport utility vehicle, which was billed at its July 2016 launch as “the world’s first mass-produced internet car”.
Mr Fukuda yesterday also expressed his intention to visit China late this year or early in 2008, with Hu Jintao, the Chinese president, scheduled to visit Japan next year.
Accounts including DarthPutinKGB, a gentle parody of Russia’s president (50,000 followers, tagline: “You don’t visit Russia, I visit you”)  SovietSergey, a send-up of Russia’s foreign minister (960 followers, tagline: “I deny, therefore I am”) and AmbYakovenkoNot, an account that mocked Russia’s ambassador to the UK (725 followers, tagline: “Admirer of Putin, friend of Corbyn”) were all taken offline by Twitter on Tuesday, in an apparently co-ordinated action.
“Once in a conference, someone said to me, [the PTCL bid] was a failure. I said there is no such thing as failure in acquisitions. If you go to a mall and decide not to buy something because you don’t want to pay a high price, that’s not a failure,” mr wang said.
Britain’s new prime minister sometimes strikes a pose as a metropolitan liberal. This week, aides have ensured his new ministerial line-up nods in the direction of diversity. At heart, he is a reactionary. With a worldview drawn from Rudyard Kipling’s paeans to English exceptionalism, he mourns the loss of empire, rails against the “nanny state”, and thinks the French should be eternally grateful for being rescued in two world wars.
Yashili Holdings, the Chinese infant formula maker part-owned by Danone, has warned full-year profits will fall by almost half, sending jitters through other strategic and financial investors who piled into China’s once-booming dairy industry.
It is, I suppose, inevitable that much comment on the fifth anniversary of the collapse of Lehman Brothers has focused on the role of leverage and excessive risk-taking as prime causes of the financial crisis. Certainly, both factors played a big part in the downfall of this once mighty investment bank. Yet the single most important force behind the majority of big bubbles and busts is monetary dislocation, which in this case derived from the actions of central banks over three decades, and a savings glut in Asia and northern Europe.
China has criticised a US decision to ban the Chinese arms of the big four global auditing firms from working for US-listed companies, adding fuel to a longstanding dispute over foreign access to Chinese financial information.
Zhang’s promotion to chairman, and the ouster of his predecessor, helped to bring the year-long civil war at Gome to a close. The fight wasn’t just about personalities – though it did pit Gome founder Huang Guangyu (who remains behind bars) against former chairman Chen Xiao. It was also about strategy.
What most strikes the outside observer, however, is the distance between the campaign rhetoric and the economic realities that will confront the new president. Both candidates have been talking about fixing the financial system  neither has admitted, perhaps even to themselves, that fixing the economy will be a much tougher project.
Ang Lee's Lust, Caution is quietly mesmerising. With its dark, sleek, fugitive grace, it is like watching life reflected in the bodywork of a polished Rolls-Royce. Everyone is  on the move in this tale of conspiracy in Japanese-occupied China, where  a pretty girl (Tang Wei), working  for a radical group of students-turned-actors, sets out to seduce and prime for assassination a VIP collaborator (Tony Leung). At the same time, Lee's second Venice Golden Lion winner in three years (the first was Brokeback Mountain) is a glacial film noir, an icy slab of history (1937-42) that freezes people in consecutive poses – courage, imposture, desire, despair – as if still awaiting the animating purr of the projector.
This time the decoupling is between two of the world&rsquo s biggest emerging markets.
No announcement was made by the committee, which is chaired by prime minister manmohan singh and includes the ministers of defence, home affairs, foreign affairs and finance. But Indian officials and defence analysts said the new corps had been approved in principle after years of discussion.
Less than a year before he snatched Cable & Wireless hong kong Telecom from rival bidder Singapore Telecommunications, richard li had his eyes on a different prize – the south china Morning Post, Hong Kong’s leading English-language paper.
Ford will lose 2,300 salaried jobs in its home market of the US, where the company has so far avoided making cutbacks that could spark a political backlash in the wake of Donald Trump’s America First policies.
Mr Gelfond would not disclose the share of box office takings Imax would keep, but said the large-screen film exhibitor typically retains 20 per cent in similar revenue-sharing partnerships.
While GM has been able to meet demand from inventories, it has been forced to shut or curtail production at about 30 plants, hurting parts suppliers.
But the Democrat will have to do more than that to shift the polling numbers. In spite of the razzmatazz, US presidential debates only rarely change an election. Some of the most cited moments, such as richard nixon mopping his brow in the first televised debate in 1960, or George HW Bush impatiently consulting his watch in 1992, had only a limited effect. The first Biden-Trump debate may prove to be an exception.
But, after mr paulson left town and the flurry of diplomacy wound up, China said what it really thought. The State Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, in a largely unnoticed statement, put out a list of seven sectors over which the state must have “absolute control, through dominant state-owned enterprises”. It is worth listing them in full: armaments  power generation and distribution  oil and petrochemicals  telecommunications  coal  aviation  and shipping.
The conservatorship brought down their cost of funding by making explicit a&#8194 The previously implicit government guarantee of their debt, and allowed them to buy more mortgages.
Chevron annoyed Beijing during a 2005 takeover battle with CNOOC, China's state-owned offshore oil enterprise, which saw the California company gain control of Unocal, a us energy company. CNPC will retain a majority 51 per cent interest in the field and will be responsible for marketing the gas. Chevron will have 49 per cent.
The production cutbacks for the Global 5000 and 6000 — which whisk chief executives and plutocrats between continents — are the latest setback for the company as it grapples with the high costs and lacklustre order book for its
Auditors can also help here. Just have a look at the annual reports of some of the failed banks over the past three years and one gets the feeling, most of the time, that they were almost immune to risk.
emerging market economies have accumulated reserves and other savings pools of $9,000bn, compared with less than $100bn in the US and the UK combined, and are in far better shape to weather a severe downturn. In addition, whereas western economies are expected to grow at 1 per cent or less next year, chinese growth will “moderate” to 9 per cent and India's economy will slow to a respectable 6 per cent growth rate.
The clarification followed a heated debate within the trump administration about the application of the executive order signed last month, with the state department and Pentagon pushing for more sweeping rules to constrain us investment in chinese companies with links to the People’s Liberation Army.
On the morning after a contentious meeting at the White House ended with an apparently exasperated barack obama walking out leaders of both parties seemed intent on fanning the flames of discord instead of damping them down. The threat of a debt downgrade and the failure to reach a debt deal sent the dollar lower in Asian trading on Thursday but treasury yields were largely unaffected by the developments.
Last week, Royal Dutch Shell was forced to temporarily abandon attempts to drill the first well in Alaska in two decades, after a piece of safety equipment was damaged during testing. The company has spent $4.5bn and seven years preparing to drill.
Citi is likely to report a writedown of more than $10bn, while merrill lynch could suffer a writedown of more than $7bn, according to analysts.
One early sign that this hope may be fulfilled has been the response to China's $3bn investment in last month's initial public offering of Blackstone, the us private equity group. Perhaps chastened by previous experiences, the Chinese won an informal nod from the Treasury in advance of taking a 9.9 per cent non-voting stake.
Elon Musk, chief executive, said on Wednesday that his company’s electric cars would be able to drive coast-to-coast in the US — “all the way from home in los angeles and dropping you in Times Square by the end of next year and then parking itself, without the need for a single touch”.
The financial index company said it would lodge a complaint with the world trade organisation over the case, which raised issues about the free flow of financial information in China.
No lesser figure than the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jay Powell, himself has compared the current situation to that in early 2016, when a pause in us monetary tightening, and a Chinese stimulus, unleashed a major extension of the equity bull market.
Global air safety concerns shifted abruptly from cargo to passenger flights on Sunday night after Qatar Airways confirmed that one of the bombs posted from Yemen last week was carried on its aircraft before being seized in Dubai.
The gap between public perception and reality is well illustrated in a fascinating new book – The Perils of Perception by Bobby Duffy, the managing director of Ipsos Mori’s social research institute, based on Ipsos’s studies.
Traders warned against calling the end of high oil prices, since prices have oscillated between $130 and $120 for the past 10 days without a clear trend emerging. In afternoon trading yesterday, prices recovered from the day's lows to $121.25 a barrel.
Imagine you spotted a market that was just ripe for your company's service. It looks like a goldmine - your chief executive has just declared it the single biggest new opportunity out there. There is just one drawback. The only way you can think of to break into this new market is to try to change the rules of the game for everyone else who already plays there.
“On the one hand, in the china market everything seems to be cheap,” Mr So says. “The labour is cheap  the operating cost seems to be cheap. However, there are a lot of external costs  there are a lot of hidden costs as well which make the cost of logistics a lot higher than it should be.”
What a welcome for a US president! Still, while the 2.2 per cent drop in the S&P 500 by early-afternoon yesterday may have damped Democrat euphoria at Barack Obama’s victory a little, he is at least used to it. The day after he was elected in 2008, shares fell more than 5 per cent (the worst post-election market since the second world war).
Innovation is welcome. Vegetarian alternatives such as soy protein and Quorn have been around for a long time without seriously threatening the love consumers feel for the taste and texture of meat. Despite health concerns, global consumption of animal flesh has grown fourfold in the past 50 years, and Americans eat 50bn burgers a year, with developing countries catching up.
House hunting is of course the last thing on people’s minds during an epidemic. Business is understandably slow for property developers around China. Last year, local regulators unsuccessfully rolled out restrictions in an attempt to control surging home prices. Now, the coronavirus outbreak may well manage to do what the government could not. The coming weeks will bring the biggest test yet for China’s most indebted property developers, such as Evergrande and Guangzhou R&F.
Some chinese companies are even going on the offensive in the US for the first time, and filing their own patent lawsuits against US competitors.
India last night rebuffed an appeal by Hillary Clinton, us secretary of state, to embrace a low-carbon future in which the two countries would work together to devise new ways of consuming and producing energy.
“Concerning the controversy over [Mr Li’s] divestments from the mainland, the war of words continues: is it a normal business operation or an act of immoral misconduct? A legal adjustment or a helpless evacuation?” the newspaper asked in an editorial posted on Chinese social media.
More broadly, despite last year’s rapid growth, China’s fund industry still remains small for a country of its size, with its assets equivalent to just 12 per cent of gross domestic product.
The rise of donald trump has been accompanied by predictable murmurs of “only in America”. But the Trump phenomenon is better understood as part of a global trend: the return of the “strongman” leader in international politics.
More than a year after cases were first discovered in central Wuhan, a WHO-convened team of specialists hoped to arrive China in January, said the global health organisation.
“One fact we shouldn’t overlook is that Venezuela really doesn’t have the money,” said Guo Jie, a latin america expert at Peking University. “I think there will be a rational solution for both parties, be it loan repayment extension or a loan restructuring.”
Gold, seen as a safe-haven commodity and a hedge against inflation, rose as high as $984.60 an ounce while some investors fled to the safety of government bonds.
For the moment, at least, new york and London remain the grandes dames of the property world. There may be excitement over growth economies, and fears over a relative decline in the west, but the super-rich still want to park their money in these two “old world” metropolises.
But even after all the studies, the makings of the perfect music mix remain fluid, as tastes change. That has not kept consultants from hatching their own special formulas, though, for handling the intersection of music and marketing.
Real happiness, he says, requires much more effort. Far better to consider the lessons of detachment and indifference offered by the Stoic thinkers, such as Seneca, or the traditions of India’s jnana yogins, who gave up their family, home, property and career to pursue wisdom, and therefore true happiness.
China has become a central issue in News Corp's takeover bid because of Mr Murdoch's controversial history there and because many analysts believe the country's emergence will be one of the most important business stories for years. As such, the Journal or any other news organisation that covers it cannot afford a reputation for bias.
Oswald Grübel, Credit Suisse chief executive, told the financial times in hong kong that the bank would hire “between 2,000 to 4,000 extra staff” in Asia, with hirings spanning its back-office operations and investment banking, asset management, and private banking divisions.
interest rates in the world's leading economies should rise while conditions are good to avert the twin risks of rising inflation and trade imbalances that could destroy the remarkable strength of the world economy, the Bank for International Settlements has warned.
Strong and liquid local bond markets are seen as an important cushion against potential financial shocks, protecting against sudden swings in global exchange rates and allowing governments, companies and banks to broaden their sources of financing.
But competition for business is intense, particularly as the smaller private banks try to take advantage of the larger banks' tarnished reputations. Fees are falling and trading activity - responsible for as much as a third of revenues - is also declining. Meanwhile, European tax authorities are becoming more aggressive in investigating offshore accounts, which generate about a third of pre-tax profits for the Swiss banks. The golden schmoozers of private banking will have to roll up their sleeves.
Yes. After bungling an attempt to trigger early elections in August and finding himself locked out of office, the leader of the rightwing nationalist League is riding high in the polls once again. The coalition that took power four months ago is proving to be as querulous and ineffective as the one Mr Salvini terminated. Defeat for the left in its stronghold of Emilia-Romagna in regional elections in late January will send the government into a tailspin. Even a new anti-Salvini protest movement known as the Sardines reaffirms his pre-eminence. Ben Hall
mr paulson said the talks – while focused on long term strategic issues – also had to address the “immediate concerns that are impacting our industries and our citizens.”
It is true that if you plan to eat the food immediately, the value you place on the fresher product might be lower than the value to someone who planned to buy it and leave it sitting around for a couple of weeks.
That’s not to say we should insist that all girls seek careers in engineering, or computer science or astrophysics. And not every boy either. That intense focus would create a whole other imbalance. I would like to see gender equity in all fields. It is our responsibility to expose our children to as many career options as possible so they can make informed choices. We should encourage them to play to their strengths. The world works best when we all do what we’re good at.
Equipped with fetching white earphones, the pen plays sound files when its electronic nib is pressed against paper printed with special invisible ink. It can turn an ordinary-looking museum guidebook into an interactive experience, with readers able to hear detailed spoken explanations simply by tapping the book's photographs. "It's a unique product...with unique technology," enthuses Mr Feng, boasting that his pen is already being used to complement a touring exhibition of Olympic treasures under way in China.
The result is a steady erosion of tax rates on multinational companies — at a time when revenue-strapped government are committed to austerity (the UK, for example) or running historic deficits (the US) or both.
While CMIG is private, its establishment was supported by top leaders including China’s premier and several powerful financial groups.
iron ore leapt to a fresh 15-month high, continuing a rally that has seen the steelmaking commodity rise 83 per cent since September.
Beijing said it suspended the $37bn listing of Ant Group, controlled by China’s richest man Jack Ma, to protect the country’s capital markets as investors reeled from the eleventh-hour decision.
At the ADB’s annual meeting, in Astana, Kazakhstan, this month, Beijing began to flesh out plans for an asian infrastructure investment bank to promote closer regional ties.
Just months later, mr macron has followed up on his promise by appointing two independent experts, Senegalese economist Felwine Sarr and French art historian Bénédicte Savoy, to draw up a set of recommendations for how to do it.
Oracle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ByteDance declined to comment.
In short, inequality in the UK seems to have more to do with high drop-out rates from upper secondary education than with the country's privatised rail system, liberal labour laws or levels of social transfers. If this analysis is correct, it suggests that the british government faces an uphill task trying to reduce inequalities through the tax and benefits system. It also suggests that countries in which drop-out rates are high are the most exposed to increases in income inequality resulting from globalisation and technological change.
China was a heavy seller of us treasury debt in August after Standard and Poor’s downgraded the country’s triple A credit rating, according to monthly data released on Tuesday by the Treasury.
Apple’s patent settlement with smartphone rival HTCcame as a welcome surprise to the technology industry – and not just because it landed in the middle of the weekend.
Ever since edward snowden revealed the extent of mass surveillance of private communications by the US and UK intelligence agencies, technology groups and governments have had an increasingly fractious relationship.
Procter & Gamble, the us consumer products group, will resume selling its SK-II brand of cosmetics in China after regulators said the products were safe for use following a month-long suspension.
In an unscheduled data release made late on Tuesday, China’s General Administration of Customs said exports to the US had grown just 5.4 per cent year on year during the first six months of 2018, slowing markedly from a 19.3 per cent rise a year prior.
Global growth has slumped and its financing is in disarray. Once again the limits to institutional rationality are self-evident. It is not that we were not warned. The historical record repeats itself: confidence gives way to exuberance, panic is followed by decline, retrenchment precedes reconstruction. From Adam Smith's defence of moral sentiment before economic self-interest to Debreu's algebraic articulation of the informational requirements for a welfare-maximising equilibrium, economists have been clear that markets are incomplete and cannot be left to themselves.
total assets held in locally domiciled mutual funds jumped from $27bn (&pound 13.6bn, �0bn) in 2002 to $69bn at the end of last year, an annual growth rate of 31 per cent, reflecting rising equity markets and new inflows, according to a Cerulli report to be published this week.
Reports emerged on Tuesday that north korea had told the International Maritime Organization it would launch a satellite between February 8 and 25, as well as sending a report to the International Telecommunication Union that was less specific on timing. Governments are obliged to provide such warnings to minimise the risk to international air and sea traffic.
However, he added that mr medvedev appeared to be holding out an olive branch to mr obama with the line: “We hope that our partners – the new US administration– will make a choice in favour of fully fledged relations with Russia.”
oil prices rose as much as 20 per cent to above $71 a barrel — the biggest percentage spike in almost three decades — as markets reopened after an attack on Saudi Arabia’s oil infrastructure that cut more than half of the country’s production.
Renminbi-denominated bonds from european banks have totalled
Josh Frydenberg, Australia’s treasurer, said Facebook gave no warning of its intentions and added that the actions were wrong, unnecessary and heavy-handed. “But what today’s events do confirm for all Australians is the immense market power of these media digital giants,” he said.
Is Koos Bekker a clever man or a lucky man? The boss of Naspers, Africa’s largest media group, took a punt on an internet company back in 2001. But this was not just any internet company – it was China’s Tencent, whose success with instant messaging services in that country’s booming internet market has helped its shares to gain almost 7,000 per cent since it listed in hong kong in 2004. Naspers’ shares have gained 1,390 per cent since then. So while Tencent has made Naspers investors rich, they would have been even better off if they had gone straight to the market to buy Tencent’s shares themselves.
Top-quality spring wheat – in high demand for baking bread – yesterday reached a high of $17.31? a bushel at the Minneapolis Grain Exchange, the highest price paid in the US for any wheat variety. However, other strains, such as soft wheat in Chicago, traded significantly lower.
“Iron ore prices are at the top of the cycle and chinese companies lack experience in overseas acquisitions.” Although the chinese government has considerable influence over state-owned companies, that does not mean it can order them to undertake huge deals.
What is a doctor’s job? Is it: a) to diagnose illness  b) to treat patients  or c) to persuade other doctors to prescribe a brand-name pill? To those answering c), here is an additional question: do you work for a pharmaceuticals company?
public opinion in China has fluctuated over the course of ByteDance’s negotiations with us tech companies, with many on social media criticising the company for “bowing down” to US pressure. Last month, Beijing appeared to hit back at us president donald Trump’s demand that the company be sold to a US buyer or face a ban in the country, drawing up new export controls that threatened to stop ByteDance from selling TikTok’s algorithm overseas.
The survey found that four out of 10 companies had no contact with regulators and that 10 per cent had no contingency plan or specialist team to deal with a crisis. “Companies should do what they can to make sure they are in the most competitive position,” said Mr Davies.
I'm going through a chocolate crocodile phase at the moment. At least I hope it's just a phase. The call of the shallow-handled cocoa croc tote in the Prada advertisements, where a woman reclines in the interior of a car, requiring no other kind of company at all, comes to me several times a day. This surprises me. I don't usually like obvious status items. I know they have the power to age a person, catapulting you into the next decade just as being very well-groomed can. Beautifully made items with an enduring heirloom aura don't generally appeal to me. I like shopping, and things that last for ever make new acquisitions so much harder to justify. One bag for the rest of my life? Please, no!
The reading marked the twelfth consecutive month of slowing growth following a peak of 12.6 per cent in November 2016, as well as the slowest rate of growth since March of that year.
But instead of fighting off employers, who have spent much of the past decade complaining about skill shortages and bidding up starting salaries, they now face a bleak jobs market.
And yet. A combination of some unexpected time on my hands and a compellingly good cause have persuaded me once again to pack my bags for Athens. (Well, if you're going to do a marathon, it might as well be the original.) All being well, I shall be on the start-line with perhaps 3,000 others when this year's Classic Marathon gets under way on November 5
The executives, identified as Li Wu and Zhou Chun, were respectively former deputy general manager of VW and FAW’s joint venture and deputy head of its Audi sales division.
Shares in Syngenta dropped as much as 9 per cent yesterday amid signs that ChemChina’s proposed $44bn takeover of the Swiss agribusiness group may be dragged into a lengthy EU competition probe.
Mitsubishi Motors Corporation yesterday said that from the middle of this year it would start procuring 2.2-litre diesel engines from Peugeot for its Outlander sports utility vehicles. Neither company would disclose the volume of engines Peugeot will supply to MMC, which will start selling Outlanders in Europe this month.
A decision could be made within the next six months, people familiar with the negotiations said, and the procurement deal could run to tens of billions of dollars as Tokyo is looking to replace 250-300 ageing aeroplanes. “We are looking at the Eurofighter, along with other fighters,” said a defence ministry spokesman. “We are looking at all available data, not just American data.”
david cameron has opened the door to chinese investment in the High Speed 2 rail line from London to the north.
Earlier this week, Kevin Rudd, the new prime minister, announced the creation of a national infrastructure council, hoping that his Labor party’s clean sweep of power at both the federal and state levels will help produce faster solutions than its conservative predecessor.
Securing long-delayed china market access for Mastercard, Visa and american express was a key objective for trump administration officials during the two countries’ “phase one” trade talks, which resulted in a preliminary trade agreement last month.
Chinese exchanges including OKCoin, BTC China and Huobi.com accounted for 98 per cent of all bitcoin trading in the six months through to mid-January this year, according to bitcoinity.org. But that ratio has since fallen to 18 per cent in the past six months, following a central-bank crackdown fuelled by concern over money laundering and capital flight.
Kapil Sibal, minister of human resources development, said he aimed to have legislation in place to allow top universities such as Harvard, Stanford and Yale to enter the country by next July.
The talks took place with Lehman’s chief executive, Dick Fuld, facing growing pressure to raise capital ahead of the company’s mid-September earnings report, which, analysts said, could include more writedowns of $4bn, bringing their total so far to $12bn. Lehman shares have fallen 85 per cent since early 2007 and its market value is now about $9.4bn.
As the heads of state left Osaka, a relieved host nation welcomed the unanimously agreed communiqué, quite a contrast to last June’s disastrous G7 summit that ended in disarray without an agreed statement.
Pyongyang was not likely to comply with the requirement to detail all its nuclear weapons programmes and close its Yongbyon reactor by April 14, they said, because Washington had not yet made good on its pledge to return the $25m (&pound 12.6m) in North Korean-linked funds frozen at a small bank in Macao.
That would have made it extremely difficult for the Japanese fund to justify the transaction to its lenders.
That style of obfuscation was developed, he said in an interview this year, to avoid sensitive questions during congressional testimony. When different newspapers reported his remarks with opposite interpretations, he said: “I’d succeeded.”
Just down the road, Rondor textiles, a sister company, tells a similar story. Its first product, a tracksuit for a western sportswear brand, retailed for about $30. Now it makes high-end ski suits for niche European brands, which retail for as much as $1,700.
“I married him for better or worse – not for lunch,” is the common cry of the woman in your position. The answer, though, is not for you to decamp to Starbucks – it is for him to do so.
On Monday, the US drinks maker and Chinese milk and yoghurts group will announce they will jointly sponsor the event between 2021 and 2032, a period covering six summer and winter games.
Friday's statement by China said any investment would be made according to its usual criteria of &ldquo safety and reasonable returns&rdquo , but made no mention of Beijing's wish for more power in IMF decision-making, in return for financial support.
Beyond them, the broader implications for investors both in China and in the US depend on whether the current trans-Pacific conflagration remains merely a trade war or turns into a fundamental reordering of the US-China relationship.
For almost everyone under 25 this isn't the case. The internet is riddled with steamy details of their sex lives, drug habits, political views and so on. Students may love sharing secrets now  the question is whether they will want to be quite so open with future employers.
The new tax increases and spending cuts, reported to total €20bn ($26.7bn), more than 1 per cent of national income, are designed to balance Italy’s books by 2013.
central banks and governments can prevent all this, if they are willing to pay the price, by taking some or all of the problem assets on to the public balance sheet. That could be done through outright purchases of asset-backed bonds, cheap loans to the banking system, or government equity injections into banks. The us federal reserve has already begun to do this with its special lending facilities and rescue of Bear.
Part of the problem is the group’s, err, reliance on refining imported oil into fuel for India’s 100m cars and rickshaws (among other complicated sounding products). And Reliance’s key Jamnagar refinery (whose pipes are so long they could link Seattle with Miami) is geared towards refining heavy crude. That was a good idea in the golden years around 2004 when the thick stuff was cheap because there was little capacity to refine it. But now everyone has piled in so demand has pushed up the price. The group’s refining margins were down almost a fifth in the fourth quarter, from a year earlier.
“Never underestimate the luxury consumer,” said Thierry Dombreval, COO of Toyota Motor Europe, whose Lexus Hybrid car represents, he said, 30 per cent of that brand's sales in Europe. “They are not just about showing off. They understand the tangible benefits of a hybrid car, in terms of emission controls, and the intangibles, in terms of being seen as an early adopter.”
Every year, in the lead-up to its annual meetings — the 2020 forum is about to start — it publishes the “analytical chapters” of its flagship publications. The growth forecasts issued at the meetings are what will hit the headlines. But the underlying analyses often provide deeper insight into changing economic conditions and the shifting realities of economic policymaking.
Mr Davies said Linklaters was starting a programme of spotting and supporting talented people, in response to the “fair criticism” that law firms had failed to match even the limited progress on diversity made elsewhere in business. While the numbers of women and non-white lawyers coming in at junior levels had improved, too many still did not “feel comfortable developing their careers in City firms”.
US and European stocks staged a tentative rebound yesterday following the previous session's sharp sell-off, although the underlying mood remained cautious as investors re-evaluated the outlook for risk.
In 1995, I was invited to join the team responsible for choosing the wine on British Airways. I felt very grown-up.
At a meeting in Itanagar, the hill-station capital of Arunachal Pradesh, in India's far north-east, Lieutenant General MC Badhani, the director-general of the Border Roads Organisation, gives a grave account of the gruelling lives his units lead in freezing conditions. The road builders suffer high stress and loneliness. Cut off from their families, they can usually only manage two to three years in the desolate Himalayan region bordering China. The division lost nine men during one 10-day period because of the conditions. It is not only the soldiers' lives that are cut short: in the sub-zero temperatures, earthmovers lastonly a third of the time they are meant to.
P Chidambaram, finance minister, said in his budget speech in February that he was studying a proposal for the IIFC to set up two subsidiaries that would borrow the reserves from the Reserve Bank of India and use them to provide credit support to infrastructure projects.
For London, China’s endorsement is essentially a seal of approval on its current activities and a green light to develop further renminbi services and products. The UK hosts 37 per cent of the global forex market, twice the share of its nearest rival, New York. Traders reckon that between one fifth and quarter of renminbi dealing already goes through London, with hong kong accounting for most of the rest. As companies increasingly settle Chinese deals in renminbi, trading in the currency will grow exponentially.
The survey rated strongbAviva/strong's online report as the best among the 94 FTSE 100 companies that have reported so far this year. The financial services group not only had the most best practice features recommended by the Investor Relations Society, but also engaged with readers in a compelling way.b
“The building work is very impressive,” says an economist. “But are they doing enough in health and poverty alleviation?”
According to the minutes of its January meeting released yesterday, “many” officials are concerned about the costs and risks of further asset purchases, as the Fed buys securities at a pace of $85bn a month.
For Chinese leaders, approving such ambitious designs was a way to underscore their nation's emergence as a modern and cosmopolitan power, a message that will be driven home when Beijing hosts the Olympics next August.
He was at the mercy of a rogue Uber driver who took a detour off hong kong island and, unperturbed at wasting the lawyer-turned-gaming tycoon’s time, suggested they grab some lunch together (he declined).
While the scale of the disease is far smaller than in the Americas, Singapore’s rising numbers illustrate the vulnerability of the regional financial centre. Singapore’s warm and humid climate, coupled with high population density, favours the spread of mosquito-borne diseases such as Zika and dengue.
On a large piece of asphalt on the outskirts of Shanghai, a group of JCB machines are being put through their paces. They are drilling holes in the ground, digging up bits of earth and lifting their hydraulic arms in a series of crazy-looking but co-ordinated actions.
This is exactly what Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, fears, despite pledging closer ties with China. In 2000 he warned: “In a few decades the ethnic Russian population could be speaking Japanese, Chinese or Korean.”
As it becomes increasingly evident that the recovery will remain subdued in Europe   and the US, there is a growing chorus for indefinitely sustaining aggressive post-crisis fiscal stimulus. Governments that instead propose gradually reducing deficits and ultimately stabilising debt to income levels – such as both Germany and the UK – are accused of pig-headed fiscal conservatism. Had they only a better grasp of Keynesian truisms, we are told, these countries' leaders would realise that their penury risks throwing already weak economies into double-dip recessions, or even a sustained depression.
Vietnam has formally complained to Beijing about the new passports. “The Vietnamese side has taken note of this matter and the two sides are discussing it, but so far there has been no result,” said Vietnam’s embassy in Beijing.
Karcha ended up ordering a brown cashmere single breasted suit with a red lining through Gieves & Hawkes' “personal tailoring” service. Translation: the suit is created on the standard company “block” or model but made in the customer's choice of fabric and altered to fit his measurements.
the cheques.&#8195 Mr Beecham used to sign all &#8195 ■Until Pret had about 25 shops,  team to handle the finance.&#8195  &#8195 Now he has a
There is a broader point. Deepening India’s structural reforms remains the best way of raising its growth potential. India is right that its conservative regulation of banks protected it from the global financial crisis. But that lesson should not be falsely extrapolated as a warning against all market-friendly reforms. Manmohan Singh’s government should give liberalisation another push. It should scale back subsidies, encourage foreign investment and revamp restrictive labour practices. It should also extend the financial services – including greater provision of banking to the poor – to improve returns for the country’s industrious savers.
Environmental groups, though frustrated by the lack of progress within the UN, agree the Kyoto process is the only forum in which an agreement can be forged to achieve the emissions cuts needed. Ms Pearce says: “Scientists say we have 10 years to start cutting emissions to avoid calamitous climate change. Given the time it took to negotiate Kyoto, we can't afford the luxury of starting from scratch again.”
China's fast-increasing importance in outward FDI makes the current negotiation of a free trade agreement between China and Australia an interesting marker for one of the great trends in the global economy in coming decades. It will be the first FTA China has negotiated with an Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development economy (other than the companion talks with New Zealand).
Mr Paulson's carefully calibrated remarks reflect the administration's attempt to cajole India into not squandering the opportunity to cement the burgeoning ties between the two countries, without pushing too hard and provoking a political backlash, or making the entire new-found relationship hostage to the fate of the nuclear accord.
But Mr Abe, whose conservative nationalism causes unease in northeast Asia and occasionally in Washington, offered no direct apology. His speech gave little sense that any part of Japan’s wartime history requires a special reckoning.
When challenged to conjure a sentence that was grammatically sound but entirely without meaning, Noam Chomsky came up with: &ldquo Colourless green ideas sleep furiously.&rdquo  China's Central Economic Work Conference, which convened at the weekend to debate plans for the coming year, should produce some similarly senseless utterances. Guidance from president hu Jintao's Politburo was a classic of the genre: fiscal and monetary policy would emphasise &ldquo continuity and stability&rdquo , while enhancing &ldquo flexibility&rdquo  to adapt to &ldquo new situations&rdquo . Ditto on the currency: last week premier wen jiabao said China would &ldquo increase yuan flexibility while maintaining a stable yuan exchange rate&rdquo . Come again?
That was before the BJP gained a rare absolute majority of seats last week. (It won almost a third of the 551m strong popular vote.) So it might look like the moment to double down, given the size of the mandate. The investment case is now a bet on something far trickier than an election, however: actual reform.
IPO issuance last year in hong kong ($41bn), London ($39bn) and new york ($29bn) easily outstripped that of China's mainland bourses, which were closed to new listings until June while market reforms were carried out.
A teenage Chinese swimmer was on Monday at the centre of the Olympic Games’ first controversy over allegations of doping.
The legislation set to be introduced in the Senate on Tuesday by Republican Charles Grassley and Democrat Debbie Stabenow come amid growing bipartisan demands for more rigorous vetting of chinese investment in the US, which reached record levels last year.
I am addicted to e-mail. I can tell it's an addiction because I lie to myself about how many hours a day I spend at it, just as I lie about how many units of alcohol I drink. I check messages obsessively through the day and at night, too, when I can't sleep.
LVMH has aggressively fought piracy, both though public law suits and also more quietly, behind the scenes, in pressing the authorities for raids on counterfeiting factories.
UBS signalled its willingness to take dramatic steps to overhaul its business in response to the financial crisis by holding talks late last year with Morgan Stanley over the sale of its 8,000-strong US brokerage unit.
Gunmen attacked and burnt the Benghazi consulate, while Mr Stevens and the other three staff were killed in a rocket assault on their car. In Cairo, protesters scaled the wall of the us embassy and burnt a US flag.
Staff at European institutions are generally regarded as enjoying good benefits as well as job security. But the strike marks a heightening of the tension between the ECB council and staff organisations over reforms to the bank's pension scheme aimed at avoiding future funding gaps.
In the long run, timeless and universal truths determine why countries succeed or fail. In brief, empires rise when they are productive, financially sound, earn more than they spend, and increase assets faster than their liabilities. This tends to happen when their people are well educated, work hard and behave civilly. Objectively compare China with the US on these measures, as I chronicle in an ongoing study, and the fundamentals clearly favour China.
The announced programmes are, brin scale and construction, what is needed. Difficulties will arise in containing the distorting effects of the guarantees and arranging an exit from a partially nationalised system into one better regulated than before. But the announcements made this week, not least in the US, epicentre brof the storm, should abate the panic.*
Even some mature west European car markets are showing resilience this year for regulatory or other reasons. JD Power's Mr Kelly points to incentive schemes in Italy and France that have caused carbuyers to scrap their older cars and buy new, cleaner vehicles.
CDB was criticised for loose lending practices in the National Audit Office report, which said that last year the bank had handed out Rmb9.1bn ($1.3bn) in illegal loans and that Rmb24.6bn of its loans had been embezzled.
“It was possible to order any dish of Russian, Chinese, Korean, Japanese and French cuisine,” Mr Pulikovsky wrote. Such a menu could create problems for three of the five permanent security council members. mr kim has a penchant for shark fin soup and reportedly ordered McDonalds hamburgers from Beijing.
Domestic US capacity is expected to drop by more than 1 per cent this year, despite continued expansion by low-fare rivals such as Southwest, but international capacity will rise by around 3 per cent.
In fact, charitable giving and ethical consumerism are so trendy that virtuousness has become almost competitive. Years ago, the Monty Python team acted out a sketch in which four Yorkshiremen tried to outdo one another with increasingly implausible accounts of the hardship they had endured in childhood. A modern-day version might go:
Yet there are bigger barriers to older people working in tech that no one is talking about and which no hoodie or syringe full of botulinum toxin will take care of. It has nothing to do with any prejudice that the over-40s are slow at mastering technology or that they lack entrepreneurial spirit. Instead, the barrier is the very thing that these companies are being praised for: their new organisational structure.
Formerly a backwater for these products, Russia is now one of the fastest growing markets for Azimut- Benetti, a Turin-based company that Mr Vitelli started in 1969.
The figures masked variations between regions. Graduates of north american schools, predominantly looking for work in that region, found it hardest to secure employment within three months of graduation. Some 23 per cent failed to do so. Alumni of Asian schools fared better, with 86 per cent in employment at after three months. Nonetheless, data for all regions showed a worsening of employment prospects for recent MBA graduates in the short term, when compared with 2008.
Partly, this reflects the end of a long cycle of easy money in which companies are looking to get that last bit of juice out of their stock prices. Some of the largest deals, such as AT&T-Time Warner, Disney-Fox, or CVS-Aetna, are about traditional companies trying to compete with the big internet groups by building scale. Either way, it is worth remembering that more than half of all mergers destroy shareholder value. Think of the cautionary cases of AOL-Time Warner, Quaker-Snapple or Daimler-Chrysler.
He adds that "Ajax", the package of technologies used to add elements to a Web page without having to reload the whole page, has been in browsers for years. Ajax is the source of some of the biggest recent advances in browser-based applications.
The popularity of the multi-manager offerinstrongbg is down to it/b/strongs status as an “embedded advice solution”, says Ben Poor, senior analyst at Cerulli. Customers are buying a fund or a separate account that provides diversification and ongoing advice on which manager to use, and in some cases which asset allocation to use.(译稿：……表示，多重经理人业务的流行将其地位沦为 “嵌入式建议解决”。)
“We want to diversify the experience of Nottingham students, so they can spend six months in China,” says Prof Greenaway. “Deep immersion in another culture will make them so much more attractive to employers back in the UK.”
So will the federal reserve drown the world in dollars, whereupon we will be able to wake from the nightmare? As Willem Buiter shows in a recent blog, “Confessions of a Crass Keynesian”, the answer is No.
But, as negotiations over the details continued through the weekend, Democratic legislators made clear that they would not simply rubber-stamp the proposal put forward by Mr Paulson.
The company, the biggest carmaker never to use an internal combustion engine, has achieved a market value of $33bn when producing just 50,000 cars a year — compared with a valuation of $47bn for General Motors, which last year made more than 6m cars.
When Jack Ma vowed in June to shake up the established order of Chinese finance, the country’s slow-moving, risk-averse banks had every reason to be nervous.
The Philippines reported the first death outside China on Sunday, as a number of countries imposed restrictions or outright bans on people travelling from China.
In public, at least, China’s leaders are only ever seen to be in
China’s ride-sharing platforms face their biggest regulatory test so far after city governments in Beijing and Shanghai approved a policy of “local cars, local drivers” on Wednesday.
The company’s third-quarter revenue reached Rmb28.1bn ($4bn), down slightly year-on-year but ahead of analysts’ estimates of Rmb27.5bn, according to Bloomberg.
In February, German car company Daimler found itself having to deal with a reputational crisis in China. Its subsidiary Mercedes-Benz had used a quote from the dalai lama in a post on its main Instagram account.
“I think this idea is real interesting,” says the director, in his southern drawl. And he's not the only one: Chanel has also lured a roll-call of directorial greats to create its own fragrance advert trilogy: Baz Luhrmann, Jean-Pierre Jeunet (of Amélie) and Martin Scorsese .
equity markets in Europe and the US rose yesterday as investors were cheered by a report of better trade data out of China and downplayed unease over eurozone debt concerns.
Since 1925, the Grand Ole Opry has featured the music of countless country and bluegrass stars, from Bill Monroe to Dolly Parton.
Dutch police have arrested a 16-year-old boy for online attacks on MasterCard and PayPal, as the digital guerrilla warfare between WikiLeaks’ supporters and its opponents escalated.
This is now only a whisker above China’s nominal gdp growth rate of 9.7 per cent, as shown in the second chart. (Nominal GDP growth, which includes inflation, is a better measure to use here than real, inflation-adjusted growth, given that nominal GDP is the denominator used in debt-to-GDP calculations).
Lucian James, of brand strategists Agenda Inc, says: “Luxury brands are finding they can make more of a statement by going into new neighbourhoods, and designers have finally broken free of their zip codes.”
However, given the reluctance of most of the city's Tibetan population to discuss the riot or broader political issues, few strong conclusions can be drawn about the motivations for these attacks.
What the president has presented is not a tax plan so much as rough principles around which the administration can negotiate with Congress. Even so it is striking that mr trump has offered no substantive loophole closures, let alone spending cuts, to help pay for his proposals. The result, according to the Tax Policy Center, will cost the government about $2.4tn over the next decade. This is politically unpalatable to Republicans, who have pledged to support only revenue neutral tax reforms.
How hot is Hong Kong? Ed Snowden has fuelled a media firestorm by hiding here while he lobs out explosive revelations about us internet snooping. But locals should have their eyes on a different kind of American-generated heat.
I generally do not like to propose bans. But I cannot understand why we are still allowing the trade in credit default swaps without ownership of the underlying securities. Especially in the eurozone, currently subject to a series of speculative attacks, a generalised ban on so-called naked CDSs should be a no-brainer.
Since its creation in 1997 by Bill Clinton, the foundation has raised more than $2bn and supported worthwhile causes including fighting climate change, disease, childhood obesity and discrimination against women.
The only glimpse I ever caught of Oscar Niemeyer came a little over a year ago, when the great modernist architect celebrated his 104th birthday. After a 10-floor climb up the stairs to his Copacabana penthouse apartment (ironically for a winner of architecture's prestigious Pritzker prize, the lift was out of order), I emerged into a crowded room with walls covered in his minimalist drawings.
But it reversed much of the day’s gains after Steven Mnuchin, us treasury secretary, said Washington had prepared further measures against Ankara. The trump administration has already imposed sanctions on two Turkish ministers and increased tariffs on Turkish steel and aluminium imports.
The wheels of government in China and Japan often turn slowly, but when it comes to fixing perhaps the most dangerous faultline in relations between the two Asian powers, they appear to have ground to a complete halt.
Rupert Schlegelmilch, head of China trade relations at the European Commission, says: “Foreign companies play leading roles in some important sectors in China, which fuels a degree of ‘investment nationalism' in some circles in China: complaints that China's economy has a strong body with strong limbs but no head and that there is not enough transfer of technology.”
Residents of the Catalan capital are fearful of their prize markets being taken over by tourists, made inaccessible to those they were built for. So at Sant Antoni they have incorporated a supermarket, the rent from which will help the council cover the restoration expenses.
The House and Senate are expected to begin a “conference” this week to resolve the differences between their respective tax bills, with the aim of allowing president donald trump to sign legislation before Christmas.
Youku, the company’s main competitor, has indicated in the past that it aims to go public, but has declined to comment on timing and size of a potential IPO.
This is not what many predicted when the People's Bank of China last week added $81bn of short term money to the banking system and also lowered the interest rate on a facility where it lends banks money for two weeks.
The move will heap further pressure on the strained relationship between silicon valley and Brussels, which are embroiled in increasingly fractious arguments over issues covering competition, tax and privacy. This week, the us treasury department attacked commission moves to levy billions of euros from Apple for alleged underpayment of taxes in Europe.
The plan, being elaborated by the stock exchanges of Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and the Philippines, comes as more mature Asian bourses are helping expand the region's stock market architecture by setting up the first exchanges in Laos and Cambodia.
On a trade-weighted basis, the dollar is also in unremarkable territory, as it is versus sterling. Even battling the mighty Swiss franc, the dollar is only just below parity – where it was in early 2008. Of course, reasons can be found for the recent weakness. It is ever clearer that the federal reserve is nowhere near increasing policy rates from near-zero. The talk of further quantitative easing, a practice currently considered bad for the dollar, is getting louder.
It is an article of faith in bullion markets that the US will be the last country to dispose of its gold stock. For 30 years it has had a no-net-sales policy for reasons ranging from resistance by US gold-producing interests to concerns about the international monetary system. That assumption may remain plausible. Yet the administration has an obligation to re-examine its policy.
8 Washington University: Olin
The EU is poised to open a new front in its showdown with Google as early as today by announcing formal charges in relation to the company’s mobile operating system, Android. The case would represent a new chapter in Brussels’ efforts to combat the alleged abuses of us technology companies, and has already drawn comparisons to its clash with Microsoft a decade ago.
Critics of the dam argue that Beijing's newfound commitment to sustainable development has given local authorities an opportunity to make new claims on the national budget in the name of environmentalism.
But Brazil is far from alone. The IIF’s figures — based on a sample of seven EMs that report daily data — suggest that the euphoria is broad-based and applies to commodity and manufacturing-driven EMs alike.
Soho China used most of the money raised from its October IPO to acquire two large pieces of land.
The one-day record of 71,229 cases reported on Thursday was accompanied by an alarming rise in coronavirus-related fatalities. The 977 deaths recorded over the past 24 hours by the Covid Tracking Project was up from 855 on Wednesday and at a level not consistently seen since the tail-end of the earlier outbreak in the US north-east two months ago.
Many who support Mr Greenspan's argument that Fed rate policy did not cause the housing bubble still think it should have done much more on the regulatory front to limit its damage.
The country's financial regulator plans to issue rules next year to force banks to reduce their loan-to-deposit ratios to 100 per cent by the end of 2013.
Contrast China's state-controlled groups. PetroChina, similar in market capitalisation to BP and Chevron, should raise volumes by about 6 per cent this year, while Sinopec should do about 4 per cent. CNOOC, the smaller offshore specialist, is on course for 18. Reserve replacement ratios tend to be better than almost anybody else: PetroChina's should exceed 110 per cent in coming years. Beijing is ready to dole out interest-free loans to top off this organic track record with a dash of bought-in growth. The government is also making the right noises about alleviating harsh domestic price controls to liberate cash flows.
Mr Ho's eagerness to hire Mr Adelson's former dealers highlighted a problem gambling companies now flocking to Macao face: dealer jobs are reserved for local residents. Macao pipped the las vegas Strip as the world's largest gaming market by revenues late last year, but while the territory's gaming revenues have trebled in the past six years, over the same period its population has increased by only 16 per cent to 510,000.
In western cities, new cultural quarters usually develop because rents are low enough for artists to move in. Or, in the case of London's South Bank, because a determined Shakespeare enthusiast, Sam Wanamaker, decided to build a replica of the Globe Theatre there and the Tate Modern art gallery followed.
Germany has not envisaged setting a higher threshold for bank capital.
mr yang said management would set detailed execution plans with clear market share targets for key emerging markets every quarter. He said it would push harder in markets in south-east Asia, India, Poland and Turkey. “Only these markets can give us hyper-growth,” he said.
Security researchers, who have long urged more information sharing between organisations to help track attacks, have noted that one prominent admission of a breach makes it easier, or less embarrassing, for others to follow.
Sargent, founder of internet dating agency Clicking Online, is not the only shopper who has started to question the price of designer clothing.
The glaciers of the Himalayas are melting at an accelerating rate, according to a study that underscores the impact of climate change on an area that is a critical source of water supply for India and China.
In 2013, the OECD group of wealthy nations initiated a series of tax reforms, including improved exchange of information among tax authorities. But that is not enough. Multinationals continue to move profits among their subsidiaries to minimise tax. For example, companies require subsidiaries in high-tax jurisdictions to license intellectual property rights from units located in places where little (or no) taxes are paid. The trick is even easier for digital companies and digital transactions. Economist Gabriel Zucman estimates that 40 per cent of overseas profits made by multinationals are artificially transferred to tax havens.
That may not matter as long as China’s economy continues gusting along. The bank’s total assets have expanded by 55 per cent since 2003 to Rmb7,055bn (&pound 476bn, $893bn, �10bn), with a 27 per cent surge in 2005 alone. And with the encouraging precedents set by Bank of Communications, china construction bank and Bank of China in their listings over the past 18 months, it has been all fair sailing for ICBC and its record-breaking IPO. “It’s a not a very challenging environment for the banks,” observes Mr Lardy.
Chanel will exploit this heritage further in a new collection of Chanel Gabrielle handbags and a fragrance that it will unveil in 2017. Coco’s character has also provided the basis for a series of four short films that will be released throughout the year around the themes of rebellion, freedom, passion and allure.
chinese exports such as toys, toothpaste and seafood have suffered a series of recalls in recent months, raising broad questions about the regulation of manufacturing in China. The export problems follow a series of scandals at home over the last three years, which have involved fake baby powder and poisonous antibiotics.
Last week, American tanks rolled into Denmark and the Stars and Stripes were hoisted over a park in downtown Copenhagen. But you will not have seen this particular invasion on the news. It happened in the pixelated world of the video game Minecraft.
Congress has been pressing for a rising real Chinese exchange rate. They are likely to get what they wanted and regret it.
A great example of this right now is my favourite soft drink, Dr Pepper. It was just spun out by Cadbury. The stock immediately traded down and now trades at 13 times cash flows versus 18 times for Coke and Pepsi.
Now with the emergence of joe biden as the probable Democratic candidate to run against mr trump in November — and the political and economic confusion caused by coronavirus — the Democrats are daring to hope that mr trump will indeed be gone by January. If that were to happen, many would echo Gerald Ford, who announced after the Watergate scandal, “Our long national nightmare is over”.
Why is value such bad value? Value investing – buying stocks that look cheap relative to their fundamentals – has always paid off in the long run. Since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008, however, value obdurately refuses to perform.
The three countries are each home to two of the world’s top 10 polluted sites, while the others are in Peru, Ukraine, Zambia and Azerbaijan.
Competitions are de rigueur. For hopefuls they represent the best means of advancement and a chance to pick up cash prizes of up to , sponsored by piano manufacturers.
The idea, which will be privately discussed at an IIF meeting in Rio today, marks the first time that the sector has attempted to create any voluntary code. “We [at the IIF] are discussing this issue [of compensation] right now,” says Josef Ackermann, head of Deutsche Bank, who also chairs the IIF. Charles Dallara, head of the IIF and a former US regulator said: “Executives need to take a very hard look at compensation structures.”
Shell has filed plans with the british government to use the Pieter Schelte — the world’s largest crane ship — to lift the 23,500-tonne steel superstructure of the Brent Delta oil platform and bring it to Teesside for scrapping.
The CBRC has suspended a swath of commercial bank wealth management products, along with requiring banks to review credit risks in China’s notorious overcapacity sectors. The CIRC has banned insurers from conducting business with risky non-bank online financing platforms. Itthe regulator has also required insurers to suspend the not-so-legitimate business practice of helping banks move debt off balance sheet.
The news was “another sign that the government is cutting the funding sources for developers”, said Credit Suisse analysts.
The most influential bank in commodity markets believes the recent rally is unlikely to last and prices will reverse unless there is a sustained improvement in demand led by China, the world’s biggest consumer of raw materials, writes Neil Hume.
Ten Chinese and Indian airlines have refused to tell the european union how much carbon dioxide they emitted last year, in the most serious sign yet of a refusal to comply with Brussels’ move to charge carriers for their pollution.
Their fear of future competition as a smaller news media company among global giants was increased by the coming Thomson purchase of Reuters, both of which now distribute dow jones news services. But the potential loss of revenues to dow jones has been greatly exaggerated. Of course there is plenty of competition in business news, but there is a growing need for more sophisticated and absolutely reliable business and market news.
Caribbean countries are lobbying for an extensive international debt relief and investment programme, as politicians become increasingly anxious over the social impact of the region’s economic crisis.
Beijing has also yet to extend its softer stance to its treatment of Taiwan in international society – or to accept the democratic island's claim to have a final say over its political future.
Royal Dutch Shell and PetroChina have won a board recommendation from Arrow Energy after lifting their joint takeover bid for the Australian energy producer from A$4.45 to A$4.70 a share in cash.
When we come to look back on the 2008-2009 recession, it will be seen to have had important economic consequences  it will have taken us “back to basics”, rebalancing the spending excesses of the past ahead of the next round of excess. It is the economic equivalent of Lent. The recessions of the early 1980s and the 1990s played similar roles. Recessions are times when the unspeakable happens  when the foundation on which we build caves in.
Rio Tinto thought Ivanhoe was trouble enough. The Canadian miner, in which Rio has patiently built a dominant stake, accused it last week of saying more than it should about a Rio-run copper and gold complex in the South Gobi desert. Now the government of Mongolia – 34 per cent partner in Oyu Tolgoi, with the rest held by Ivanhoe – seems to want to redraft the investment agreement signed less than two years ago. It has sent Ivanhoe a revised proposal accelerating the time frame in which the state’s share is increased to half.
The cash-rich states of the united arab emirates are sinking billions of dollars into India's real estate sector through joint ventures with local companies as sovereign wealth funds and Middle East investment groups increasingly target India.
A motorway completed three years ago has shortened the trip from Palma's airport to Campos, a sandstone village and launch point to the beaches and towns of the south-east.
Instead, Singapore is expected to adhere to its current model of combining targeted government welfare support with efforts by private charities to provide additional aid to the needy.
Yet it would be wrong to dismiss very real fears. global competition does create losers. The gap between the successful and the unsuccessful is growing, even if trade is not the sole cause of this trend. In spite of some optimism about equal opportunities in the UK and the US, social mobility there is limited.
After the paralysis of the global supply chain caused by the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan in March, there have been the inevitable calls for a rethink of global, just-in-time supply systems. Some predicted that the disruption would last until the end of the year, if not longer. But just four months on, Japan’s recovery is taking place with remarkable speed, in large part because of the unusual brand of co-operative capitalism that underpins the tight-knit and remarkably resilient Japanese business system.
Indeed, 2008 is likely to be a challenging year for many brands that have become used to expanding rapidly. It could be a particular test for the newer brands that have established themselves in consumers' minds in a relatively short period.
On average, the company has had double digit sales growth since 1993. The most important skill for managing the business during rapid growth, he says, is the ability to change and still stay focused.
After the rebellion come the reprisals. Only hours after tanks rolled on to the Bosphorus bridges in an attempt to topple Turkey’s government, president recep tayyip erdogan was hailing the failed coup as a “gift from God”, as it presented an opportunity to “cleanse” the armed forces. By Sunday, thousands of military personnel were under arrest, thousands of judges sacked and calls to bring back the death penalty were trending on Twitter.
Hyundai Motor has stopped production at its China factories as the fallout from a political spat between Seoul and Beijing continues to inflict pain on South Korea’s largest automaker.
And there were splendours, notably the final 15 minutes of Walküre – exceptionally moving, as always, even with Brünnhilde sitting on an office chair swathed in a red cloth as computerised fire swirled on the screens above her. By contrast the “Ride of the Valkyries” failed to take off: Chinese reserve again, perhaps.
There are no sacred cows, incoming banking bosses insist, but will there be sacred dragons? Foreign banks, including royal bank of Scotland and Bank of America, shelled out an aggregate $9bn or so on stakes in chinese banks that today are worth some $40bn. That could come in quite handy right now. Serendipitously, lock-up periods on these stakes – acquired three years ago when China began partially privatising its big lenders – begin to expire from this month. Leaving aside the concern that Beijing did not whittle back state ownership in order to be replaced by Whitehall or Washington, there are other good reasons for foreign banks to divest their stakes.
Shares in Credit Suisse closed down 6.6 per cent, at SFr53, dragging other european bank stocks lower.Analysts said they were mystified that Credit Suisse had no inkling of the problems when it released its results.
Bankers remain confident that hong kong will retain a leading role.
Owning up to the geopolitical implications will be as painful for the rich nations as paying the domestic price for the profligacy. The erosion of the west's moral authority that began with the iraq war has been greatly accelerated. The west's debtors cannot any longer expect their creditors to listen to their lectures. Here lies the broader lesson. The shift eastwards in global economic power has become a commonplace of political discourse. Almost everyone in the west now speaks with awe of the pace of China's rise, of India's emergence as a geopolitical player, of the growing roles in international relations of Brazil and South Africa.
There is, of course, more than one force at play. Discrimination surely remains important, as anyone can see if they pay attention to how women are often treated in business environments. For those wanting a higher standard of evidence, consider a famous study by economists Claudia Goldin and Cecilia Rouse. They demonstrated that when the top US orchestras, which were dominated by men, introduced blind auditions for new members, women became several times more likely to be offered jobs.
In a sign that will fuel optimism over the round, Kim Kye-gwan, North Korea's nuclear envoy, made a similar statement on his arrival in Beijing yesterday, although with the usual caveat. “We are prepared to discuss first-stage measures,” mr kim said. “We are going to make a judgment based on whether the US will give up its hostile policy and come out toward peaceful co-existence,” he said.
The app’s sleepcast, a guided meditation, was “more effective” than he expected. Mr Sharp is almost always asleep before it finishes. Out of a UK workforce of 16,000, about 2,000 Aviva employees use the app regularly (three to four times a week), predominantly to wind down and to help them sleep.
Mr Xu, now a coach, gave his medal to a museum. “Lots of people say, ‘You're so stupid – you could have auctioned that medal for millions of yuan',” he says. “But I reckon that a gold medal belongs to the nation.”
The vast majority of China’s $110bn annual pharmaceutical sales are to state-run hospitals, which depend on drug and medical equipment sales for most of their revenue. Drug sales are conducted through a byzantine network of some 13,500 distributors, with kickbacks to doctors rife.
Sharp has named the vice-chairman of Taiwan’s Foxconn as its new president to steer its turnround after the embattled Apple supplier posted an annual loss of $2.4bn.
There is little delineation between users’ real and financial lives. E-commerce and other technology companies routinely offer financial services.
president donald trump said he had seen no evidence that the killing of Jamal Khashoggi had been ordered by Saudi Arabia’s crown prince mohammed bin Salman, opening up the prospect of a new rift with his intelligence services.
I suffered from both too little and too much feedback in my last year of school. That was when I decided to stop going to piano lessons, having been coasting lazily at a mediocre level for years. My piano teacher, who had maintained a tactful silence, wistfully remarked that I had a beautiful touch on the keyboard – better than any of her hard-working, virtuosic prodigies. I was not impressed. Had she said that five years earlier, I might have worked harder. (Or so I told myself.)
Controls resulting in significant changes to everyday lives have centred on the closure of public spaces such as schools, universities and government buildings but they extend to Italy’s decision to quarantine its entire population.
Bill Neuberger, head of electronic trading at Morgan Stanley, says: "Orders coming into the system will have the ability to interact with Morgan Stanley order flow before being routed externally to the exchanges."
Dining at Robata Honten or at Mikawa in Tokyo is an unforgettable experience. Both are presided over by men in their 60s, one a restaurateur, the other a chef. Both exude old-world Japanese hospitality. Both inhabit buildings at least 60 years old. And both, as in so many of Tokyo's restaurants, only take cash.
The financial times reported last month that Excellence, a property developer based in Shenzhen, the special economic zone that borders Hong Kong, is targeting a $1.5bn hong kong listing in the second quarter of next year.
Buyers of bank debt often purchase “credit default swaps,” a type of derivative that helps insure their investments against a default. The price they are paying for that protection is now the lowest since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008.
Azim Premji of India and Hasso Plattner of Germany, who are software magnates, and Vladimir Potanin, the Russian mining oligarch, are among 12 business people and their spouses who have joined 92 Americans in the Giving Pledge, which includes people collectively worth $500bn.
After a decade spent practically living in the office, I am trying a new regime. I do my work during working hours — I get in at 9 and leave at 5.30. I’m getting more done than when I spent 11 hours inefficiently in the office. But my workmates don’t like it, and keep making sarcastic comments about my slacking and working to rule. Is it possible to keep a reputation for hard work and commitment when you leave work punctually every day? Publisher, female, 38
The Shanghai building is only surpassed in height by Taiwan's Taipei 101 tower and the Burj Dubai skyscraper. Yet tall buildings have not always been the best allies of financial market confidence. Construction of the Empire State building began in 1930, just as the Great Depression was taking hold, while the Twin Towers in kuala lumpur was topped out in 1997 as the asian crisis was breaking.
Tang Media Partners, created by Donald Tang, a businessman, has joined CMC and Huayi Brothers to buy the studio from the Reliance group of Anil Ambani, the Indian businessman.
Both groups still face a significant repayment schedule in the next few years, in spite of the recent loosening of credit conditions, the rating agency says.
Hurricane Gustav swept across the Gulf of Mexico yesterday, forcing the mandatory evacuation of New Orleans, the shutdown of offshore oil production and a rethink of plans for the Republican party's national convention, which is scheduled to begin today.
Ben Wilson and Steve Smallwood, the two ONS statisticians who compiled the figures, calculate that, while those who tied the knot in 2005 had a 45 per cent chance of divorce, should their marriages last a decade the chance they will subsequently fail is under 31 per cent.
After a faltering start, there is a renewed spring in the step of one of the world’s most ambitious cultural projects. Hong Kong’s West Kowloon Cultural District, a spectacular plan to build 17 arts and cultural venues next to the harbour of Asia’s buzzing city-state, is, if not quite up and running, gently warming to its task.
The Asian tilt indicates the degree to which a new generation of professionals in the region is now embracing the core principles of Western-style finance and market investment theory.
I have been using the Genius PenSketch 9x12 graphics tabletand have been surprised by how much difference it makes to my feeble attempts to improve family snaps and freehand drawing. Priced at about $149this graphics tablet is about a third the price of the Wacom Intuos3 9x12 and offers most of the same features and bundled software.
“I wish I could be optimistic but we're talking about $300bn to $400bn deficits. You're not going to balance the budget by starving this country's science investment, in fact you're going to do just the opposite.”
The central banker said he had wanted to act covertly as lender of last resort for the UK mortgage lender but had been told that legislation prevented him.
There is an irony in an undemocratic territory famed for its commercial instincts turning down the biggest initial public offering in three years because the company’s founders want more control than their ownership warrants. Congratulations to hong kong for its principled stance, which must have required much gritting of teeth. To Alibaba’s future shareholders, wherever it lists: good luck.
Mr Salgado had spent a month at Serra Pelada, on the south-east of the Amazon rainforest in Brazil, where he photographed a vast pit dug out by hand and the men desperate to find their fortunes. Seeing the epic scale of the images, with hundreds of labourers climbing in unison up the ladders at the side of the crater, huge bags of soil on their backs, the common reaction was to compare them to the pyramid-builders. The work sealed Mr Salgado’s reputation as the documentarist of his era.
As part of a plan to drive up the oil company’s stock price, state investment funds have been encouraged to buy the shares when trading begins in Riyadh, two people briefed on the matter said.
For many commodities, particularly energy and metals, new supply requires long lead times of five to 10 years. In principle, the demand response is more nimble, but it has been greatly dulled by a wide variety of subsidies and distortions in fast-growing emerging markets.
The cancellations follow a collapse in the short-term, spot market rates for dry bulk ships carrying iron ore, coal, bauxite, wheat and other commodities. The fall – of 71.9 per cent in October alone – has sent ship values tumbling. Consequently, it is often more worthwhile for shipowners to forfeit their deposits and pay compensation than to go through with deals on which they would never earn a reasonable return.
The triptych, a response to the suicide of the artist's lover George Dyer, features two images of a figure writhing on a beach, while the third, central part shows a figure overlooked by two sinister faces. Dyer committed suicide in 1971 in a Paris hotel room that he shared with Bacon.
Well before the UK voted for Brexit, China had made its view on the issue abundantly clear. It was dead against it.
The federal reserve is likely to leave interest rates unchanged this week while keeping its options open for its pivotal December meeting as it assesses signs of more muted growth in the US economy.
The UN Secretary General has warned that “life itself” will be imperilled if the world’s biggest carbon emitters such as the US and China do not make bigger efforts to combat climate change.
Seasoned investors in China will recall regulations issued by the state administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) in early 2005 that required domestic residents, such as Chinese entrepreneurs, to obtain approval from SAFE at the central government level for round-trip investments.
First, as Oxford university's John Muellbauer argues, deflation is a real danger***. Yet deflation is lethal for indebted economies. Today, short-term interest rates look far too high in the eurozone and the UK. central banks need to look at their economies brafresh and cut rates by at least 1, and ideally2, percentage points.
Last year, America’s largest internet companies — Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google (now the acronym-destroying Alphabet) — held up the S&P 500 index, rising between one-third and more than twofold. China’s equivalent businesses were far less stellar. Baidu and Alibaba fell one-tenth  Tencent returned just over one-third. The Bats are cheaper too  their price to forward earnings multiples ranged between 24 (Alibaba) and 31 times (Tencent). Among the Fangs, only Alphabet trades on a multiple of less than 30, and Amazon and Netflix trade on triple-digit valuations. Even on old-fashioned metrics, such as market capitalisation to monthly active users (the equivalent of “eyeballs” in 2000), the Bats are more appealing.
A collapse of the sale will put pressure on the shares of Ping An, China’s biggest private insurer, as investors worry about how or when the UK-based bank’s stake will hit the market, according to analysts.
The move will take the total size of the issue, set for the end of this month, to about R$134bn ($78.3bn), up from R$123bn, based on Thursday’s closing prices.
It is right because the nation faces structural impediments to growth. These are akin to carrying too many extra pounds of weight. They don’t seem to slow us down much walking on a flat surface, but are a burden walking upstairs or up a hill. The injuries to our economy since the onset of the financial crisis were made more painful by our failure to make structural adjustments. No single presidential administration deserves the blame for structural problems, but an important lens through which to judge a policy agenda is whether it recognises and mitigates those problems.
“Because of what’s happening in China today, in terms of being more open to western content . . . we’ve reached an inflection point,” said George Barrios, WWE chief strategy and financial officer.
First the good news: a cut in regulatory reserves to boost rural lending. Handy for an institution named agricultural bank of China. But then the bad: AgBank’s own provision for souring debt grew four times as fast as its good loan book last year. If the numbers from China’s third-largest lender are anything to go by, the outlook for the Chinese banking sector is worsening rapidly.
If completed, the deal would significantly increase Anglo's long-term involvement in iron ore, a metal likely to remain in strong demand because of rapid industrial growth in China and India.
It was exactly 12 weeks ago that the People’s Bank of China said it was swapping a peg for a basket. Since then, China’s currency has strengthened against the us dollar by almost exactly 1 per cent, thanks mostly to a sudden lurch upwards in the past two days. It is now up to a committee of the us house of Representatives, which convenes next week, to decide whether 97 basis points of appreciation in three months is enough to end the threat of trade sanctions.
Ukraine said its army advanced into the eastern city of Lugansk yesterday, marking a breakthrough in a four-month campaign against Russia-backed separatists.
The two incidents allegedly happened over a two-day period, prosecutors said. In the first, Mr Weinstein allegedly raped one woman after forcing his way into her hotel room. In the second, he is accused of assaulting a woman at a hotel suite in Beverly Hills.
Shinzo Abe, who is widely expected this month to succeed Junichiro Koizumi as Japan’s prime minister, yesterday said his country had “caused great sufferings and left scars on the peoples of many countries”.
Walmart, the world’s largest retailer by revenues, is opening up to 110 stores in China, where it has struggled in the past to increase the return on its investments.
Asian stock market regulators 1, cheats 0. Yesterday the hong kong securities and Futures Commission won a court order for Hontex to repay its listing proceeds to minority shareholders. The Chinese textiles group was accused of making false and misleading statements in the build-up to its 2009 initial public offering. This is a breakthrough for hong kong investors. About time: a raft of corporate governance scandals has crushed enthusiasm for Chinese-listed companies in recent months.
It certainly looks that way, although it is worth recalling that it was not that long ago that Japan was tipped to be the new number one. Economies have their ups and downs &ndash  look at Dubai.
In his book emiThe Truth About Markets/em, my colleague John Kay analyses and debunks what he calls the “American business model” (ABM). Published in 2003 in the wake of the dotcom crash, the book is remarkably prescient – beating even Dr Doom – in its criticisms of the ABM and its built-in flaws.
Nor has Ms Maagdalia wasted time putting her newfound skills into practice. As business development director for south-east Asia at Excem, a family-owned company with diverse global interests, she has to combine her knowledge of the region and its customs with results-yielding business acumen. One of her current assignments also taps her passion for international co-operation and development.
Suddenly, in late May, us president George W. Bush announced ahead of the Group of Eight leading industrialised countries' summit his own set of talks to encompass the world's 16 biggest emitters of greenhouse gases. It was the first time that the US had agreed to talk about a post-2012 framework.
“I decided to go that direction because I was already married, we already had a house and my wife’s income wouldn’t have been enough to sustain our lifestyle,” says Prof Skripak, assistant dean of graduate programmes at Virginia Tech’s Pamplin School of Business. “It fitted my circumstances perfectly — and my circumstances are not that different from people today: a single income doesn’t always support the lifestyle, the house payment, the car payment.”
“We have made a deal but we have not made an announcement,” he said.
The designers of the US’s single most expensive academic building have clearly thought hard about what a highly ranked MBA college ought to look like.
“The limited-stay parking helps encourage a regular turnover of spaces to maximise the opportunity for such transactions to take place rather than being taken up for long periods by commuters or long-stay parking,” they told me. (They also told me that there are some longer-stay spaces, but they are off-street and priced to discourage long stays.)
south korea reported an additional 600 coronavirus cases on Tuesday, prompting the government to further postpone the beginning of the new school year by two weeks.
Investors fear that the controlling shareholders of many companies may have pledged their shares and their stocks could crash if lenders begin selling. These concerns have helped knock 15 per cent off India's market since the Satyam scandal broke just over two weeks ago.
The hip advertising campaign is part of Chunghwa's efforts to shake off its image of a bureaucratic behemoth following its privatisation in August 2005.
Mr Su told the financial times yesterday that his privately held Taiwan Maritime Transport (TMT) had reduced its dry bulk fleet to about 40 vessels, while over the next five years it would take delivery of several new very large crude carriers (VLCCs).
The delay comes as steelmakers around the world step up efforts to have the deal between the companies blocked on competition grounds amid concerns that the alliance struck last June will give producers added pricing power for the ore.
Tim Geithner, the us treasury secretary, has called on the international monetary fund to appoint an interim managing director in the absence of Dominique Strauss-Kahn, reflecting rising concern over damage to the fund’s credibility.
In Zhuhai, a neatly manicured special zone on the edge of the pearl river delta, Kazuhiro Akiyama, president of Canon Zhuhai, recalls the anti-Japanese demonstrations of 2005 when protesters lobbed stones at his new factory. But Mr Akiyama says the media exaggerated the scale of the protests and that, in any case, the attractions of China far outweigh the political risk.
“I am here to grow a company and provide families with a living and serve society,” he says. In the past three years, that has meant selling off roughly 20 per cent of production and 11 per cent of reserves, and ensuring the right people are in the right jobs, whether that means job cuts or moving them around within the company.
The move closely mirrors the decision 14 years ago by Bill Gates, long Mr Ellison’s arch nemesis in the software world, to hand over the reins at Microsoft while keeping control of its technical direction and taking charge in the boardroom.
In common with the rest of the industry, the firm has been gradually shedding expensive staff and sending bankers previously based in the US and Europe to the Middle East and Asia, where business remains buoyant. Group headcount fell by around 400 between the first and second quarter.
The case is Taiwan's largest embezzlement scandal and has triggered a campaign by regulators to crack down on financial irregularities and clean up the island's markets.
A moment's quite reflection, please, for Stern Hu. Rio Tinto's number two executive in China was pinched by Shanghai police in July, along with three colleagues. Initially suspected of stealing state secrets &ndash  a charge later downgraded to violating commercial secrets and bribery &ndash  he remains behind bars. Last month, Australia's Department of foreign affairs said that the investigation into Mr Hu, born in Tianjin in 1963 but an Australian citizen for the past 15 years, had been extended to mid-January.
Allianz is considering ways to expand its asset management business in China but the country’s insurance market remains “exceptionally difficult”, the German group’s top executive for the region says.
Lo Hsieh-che, head of the Taiwan army command’s communications until his arrest in February, was convicted of “conducting espionage activities for the enemy”, and five counts of bribery.
The first round of this season’s matches, which began on Saturday, had been taken off air in one of the competition’s largest television markets after the league terminated a three-year contract with PPTV, a streaming service owned by chinese retail conglomerate Suning, that was due to expire in 2022.
Huijin holds controlling shares in two of the country's three largest banks and 50 per cent of the biggest, the Industrial and commercial bank of China, as well as holdings in numerous other institutions, such as brokerages.
The UN peace plan for Syria received a serious blow on Sunday when Damascus said it would not complete its pullback of forces from populated areas until it had written ceasefire guarantees from the rebels.
“Providing our allies and partners with greater access to American arms will . . . reduce their reliance not just on Chinese knock-offs but also Russian systems,” said Peter Navarro, assistant to the president for trade and manufacturing. The policy, part of the “Buy American” drive, would loosen what he termed the “myopic” restrictions of the Obama administration.
Next year, Ms Moore expects digital activities to make up 17 per cent of the finance group's income and to offset any falls in print advertising.
Gone is the period when headcount at a typical firm's China practice would grow by 20-30 per cent every year, and India, another of Asia's fastest-growing consulting markets, is also offering slimmer pickings.
Halliburton, the oil services group run by Dick Cheney before he became US vice-president, recently followed the petrodollars trail and moved its chief executive from Houston to Dubai.
Hong Kong’s Beijing-appointed government is drawing up local legislation to implement a new chinese law that criminalises disrespect for the national anthem, designed in part to counter persistent jeering of “March of the Volunteers” during Hong Kong’s international football matches.
The gulf in narratives between western capitals and Moscow over what is happening on the ground is particularly alarming. If Russia continues to deny basic facts — notably the presence of its own regular troops alongside the rebel forces fighting in Ukraine — the chances of reconciling differences are slim. Divisions were laid bare at this weekend’s annual Munich Security Conference. An uncomfortable-looking Sergei Lavrov, Russia’s foreign minister, was all but laughed off the stage after delivering a speech reminiscent of the Brezhnev era.
Would you buy Mystery Bank A? It reports solid net interest margins of about 3 per cent. Costs are less than a third of income. It is also super-liquid, with loans equivalent to 61 per cent of deposits. (Non-performing loans, by the way, are just 1 per cent of the total.) Assets and returns on equity are each growing at more than 20 per cent a year. And here’s the real kicker: it has never been cheaper, at just over 7 times this year’s earnings.
Consider the exit of a fiscally and competitively weak country, such as Greece – an event to which I assign a probability of about 20-25 per cent. Most contracts, including bank deposits, sovereign debt, pensions and wages would be redenominated in New Drachma and a sharp devaluation, say 65 per cent, of the new currency would follow. As soon as an exit was anticipated, depositors would flee Greek banks and all new lending governed by Greek law would effectively cease. Even before the exit, the sovereign and the banking system would fail because of a lack of funding. Following the exit, contracts and financial instruments written under foreign law would likely remain euro-denominated. balance sheets would become unbalanced and widespread default, insolvency and bankruptcy would result. Greek output would collapse.
On a pioneering trip to a remote corner of Mongolia, Mike Carter stays with a nomadic family who hunt with birds of prey
In the face of Beijing’s growing restrictions on lending to private businesses or moving money offshore, experiments with green finance are multiplying. The Centre for Finance and Development at tsinghua university — led by Ma Jun, a leading promoter of green bonds in China and a special adviser to the People’s Bank of China — has promoted a pilot programme in Huzhou in Zhejiang province in which banks can expedite green loans to corporate borrowers.
Hardware suppliers have also been slow to jump on the bandwagon. “Our supply chain is complete, but weak,” explains Wang Jing, secretary-general of the TD-SCDMA alliance.
Some of the biggest deals came from emerging market companies in eastern europe and Russia, which have withstood the financial shocks fairly well and are now seeking funds for expansion.
The sale of the PCCW stake still has regulatory hurdles to overcome with Hong Kong's telecoms regulator, the Office of the Telecommunications Authority.
It is an unusually warm summer night in London, and the courtyards of the bars and cafes in Soho are packed with people jostling to soak up the last few hours of sun.
At the beginning of 2008, the price of things increased quickly in China. What do you think about this? And do you think the government can make the situation better?brLi Dengfeng, Guangzhou, China
The disagreement between Xu Guoliang, the controlling shareholder of Shanghai Shenxin Football Club, and Bank of Shanghai centres around two real estate projects in the chinese city that mr xu says were misappropriated from him.
And as the past three weeks have reminded us, the greatest inspiration comes from letting the acts of sporting heroics speak for themselves.
The Chinese carmakers reject Hyundai’s accusation. “What the people at Hyundai said about our Qisheng is completely groundless. We made the vehicles ourselves,” says Gao Yanlong, an official at Liaoning. Tianma was equally blunt. “We don’t need to make any response to the comments by Hyundai. It is their freedom to think that way. But I can tell you, our Yingxiong is fully self-developed. We also registered its related patents with the government,” an official says.
Under the deals – expected to be worth about £10m ($15m) over the next five years or more – fermentation technology from Green Biologics will be used in existing production facilities in China to produce biobutanol.
The chinese premier said that China would keep the renminbi at a “reasonable and balanced level”.
While sanctions hawks stand in the lee of an international outcry over the downing of a civilian passenger plane, it remains unclear whether the disaster will be the “wake-up call for Europe” envisaged by Barack Obama, the US president. Europe lags behind the six rounds of US sanctions, both in breadth and severity.
Circus impresarios have a reputation as hucksters who could talk the hind legs off a donkey and turn the resulting biped into a paying attraction. “Every crowd has a silver lining,” the 19th-century showman PT Barnum once said.
Twitter has opened an office in hong kong to try to lure more of China’s global companies to the social media platform, even though it is barred from operating in mainland China.
There are at least two ways in which the current attack on offshore financial centres is illegitimate. First, it is inconsistent with the notion of tax sovereignty. Europeans prize this internally but do not want others to have it. Why should developing countries that have difficulties in administering direct taxes, and so rely more on land and consumption taxes, not have low income taxes? Remove tax competition and you remove one discipline on countries otherwise tempted to engage in expensive wars or over-generous government bail-outs.
As his stake in the company comprises voting B shares, which are owned by original shareholders, he will also have 21.7 per cent of the company’s voting rights.
That description looks overblown in Asia, where the global financial crisis has been relatively kind to exporters. Big exporters such as Samsung, Sony, Toshiba and Honda were hit when global trade collapsed in the second half of 2008. But Asia’s V-shaped recovery has helped them to report improved recent results, along with a host of smaller companies such as Asustek and HTC, the Taiwanese computer and smartphone manufacturers.
It is possible to formulate such preferences in economic models - in fact, this year's Nobel laureate, Edmund Phelps, did so in a paper with Robert Pollak in 1968 - but they have only recently flowered into a full set of explorations and calibrations by economists such as David Laibson of Harvard, and Matthew Rabin.
Oscar Wilde died complaining of the wallpaper in his Paris hotel room. French wallpaper can be a nasty thing and French costume biopics even worse: wallpaper in motion. The early scenes of Molière shimmer with a self-replicating floridity. We are in a 17th-century France where life is on an audiovisual loop, all arch etiquette, frou-frou'd costumes and the French- dialogue equivalents of “Odzooks” and “Stap me vitals”.
Abu Bakar Ba’asyir, Indonesia's best-known Islamist cleric, pledged allegiance to Isis from his jail cell last year
The assumption that the rest of the world will continue to expand briskly, notwithstanding a modest slowdown in the US economy, seems quite plausible. All that is needed is for real demand in the rest of the world to rise roughly in line with aggregate gross domestic product. Now the eurozone is showing greater buoyancy of demand this seems likely, though the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development does forecast weak growth of domestic demand in Germany and Japan in 2007, at 1.2 per cent and 1.3 per cent respectively. These economies remain parasitic on demand elsewhere.
But enormous houses still have limited cupboard space, and sometimes even high-spending celebrities have to declutter. Earlier this year Sir Elton John and his partner David Furnish, in an event entitled “Elton’s Closet”, sold almost 10,000 personal items of clothing to raise money for Sir Elton’s Aids Foundation. The singer auctioned off a huge range of clothes, mostly menswear from top designers, and then topped this off by putting his red Yamaha piano up for auction on eBay. Cher is another celebrity keen to simplify her life - next month in Los Angeles, a two-day auction aims to sell 700 items from her collection, including paintings, furniture, artworks, jewellery, memorabilia and costumes. The sale is expected to bring in more than $1m, some of which will go to her charitable foundation
NIKE IS COUNTING ON ITS close relationships with the Chinese sporting establishment – and with hugely popular athletes – to help it stave off any efforts by the Beijing authorities to curtail a planned television and online advertising blitz around the games, as part of efforts to control “ambush marketing” by a company that is not an official Olympic sponsor. “We have a great relationship with the Chinese government… so we are not looking at any relationship issues with the chinese government and the Beijing organising committee,” says Denson.
In one of the simplest games, “Ultimatum”, one player (Abby) receives an envelope containing 100 one-dollar bills. She has to decide how much to offer to the second player (Zach). Zach either accepts this ultimatum, or both players lose everything. If Zach is motivated only by cash, then a single dollar will be enough to get him to agree. Real people have other concerns, and when the game is played in the laboratory, the first player usually offers a more even split, and tends to regret it if her offer is too miserly.
The local government of Dongying in shandong province has gradually raised the number killed to 13 after an initial assessment of one when a single blast destroyed the Binyuan Chemicals plant on August 31. “The bodies were blown to pieces, making the investigation difficult,” it said in an explanation that was deleted from the Dongying government website after being picked up by Chinese media.
Hu Jintao, China's president, on Friday embarked on the most contentious leg of his African tour, visiting Sudan for the first time to buttress bilateral trade with a government accused of multiple human rights abuses in its western Darfur region.
The famous department store’s merry ride hit a bump on Monday, when first-quarter resultsdisappointed  the earnings outlook came in a bit below expectations. Guidance for same-store sales growth edged up, from 3.5 to 3.7 per cent, but still implied a slowdown. Quarterly growth has averaged 5 per cent over the past year.
According to IDC, Apple’s smartphone market share stood at 13 per cent in the third quarter, down from 14 per cent a year earlier, while Android’s had increased from 75 per cent to 81 per cent over the same period. By contrast, Distimo found that Apple’s share of app store spending in November remained much higher at 63 per cent in November, compared with 37 per cent for Google Play.
But Arjun Divecha, head of emerging market equities at investment manager GMO, points out that emerging markets already make up more than half of global car sales. “Emerging markets have benefited from a demographic dividend over the past 20 years and will continue to do so for another 20 years,” Mr Divecha predicts.
So far, Citi's strategic needs have played to his strengths. The bank needed capital and he raised $50bn from investors earlier, and on better terms, than many rivals. Expenses and toxic assets had to be reduced and he set about the job with the zeal of a proven risk manager.
The air traffic control issue could become symbolic again — with a 21st-century twist. This week, donald trump summoned business leaders to the White House, where he reiterated his pledge to create a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan to unleash economic growth. The us president seems to visualise this in terms of concrete  or, more accurately, bridges, roads and that (in) famous wall. But Gary Cohn, head of the Council of Economic Advisers, has a different spin: his first priority is to take the air traffic control system away from the Federal Aviation Administration and place it in a non-profit entity, funded by public and private finance.
Even so, China counted 415,000 people with more than $1m in disposable assets, the largest absolute number globally.
“We are still absolutely heading for the games on July 22,” a spokesperson for the international olympic committee said on Wednesday, but added the games organisers are monitoring the situation alongside the world health organization and authorities in Japan and China before making any firm decisions.
Goldman Sachs is to strengthen its executive office in London to ensure better management of a group that, like many US-based investment banks, is seeing faster growth in Europe and Asia than the Americas.
Under the framework announced on Monday, Line will first be taken private through a tender offer at a proposed price of ¥5,200 per share, which represents a 13 per cent premium to Line’s share price on November 13 before news of the talks broke last week.
“In all scenarios this is cheap insurance and the right thing for us to do,” Stephen Hester, RBS's new chief executive, said yesterday. “But that is quite different from saying it is a shareholder bonanza – it is not.”
asian companies have shrugged off concerns about the US retreat from global trade agreements to issue a record sum of high-yield debt.
The deals were arranged by an Athens-based real estate company, Destiny Investment Group, that offered apartments and villas in the Greek capital to overseas buyers with a starting price of €250,000 — the minimum property investment required under the visa programme.
★★★★★i(production) /i
The number of international students choosing to study in Australia has surged over the past few years to the point that Australia is overtaking the UK as the world’s second-biggest destination for international students, behind the US, according to researchers at University College London’s Centre for Global Higher Education.
The regulations were broadly in line with recent drafts that some foreign bankers saw as unnecessarily onerous, but did include operating fund requirements for local branches of overseas banks that were considerably lower than some had feared.
The value of renminbi accounts in mainland china held by Hong Kongers is not known. However, according to the hong kong Monetary Authority, the territory's de facto central bank, the value of renminbi-denominated deposits in hong kong jumped 43.1 per cent in the first two months of this year to Rmb47.8bn, compared with Rmb33.4bn at the end of last year.
The Su-35 is an advanced Russian stealth combat fighter, with enhanced avionics and a longer-range flight capability. It is capable of aerial combat and striking ground and maritime targets.
Even without a long-term contract, the potential hit from the 10 per cent aluminium tariff proposed by president donald trump would only be “in the hundreds of thousands of dollars”, a small proportion of the price of planes which sell for $65m to $70m each, he said.
It may not be as serious as Japan’s, but Taiwan’s demographic problem is worsening. Simply put, its 23m citizens are not having enough babies.
Moscow headed deeper into international isolation on Sunday as Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula voted overwhelmingly to rejoin Russia in a referendum condemned by the EU and US as illegal.
The length of time is important. According to Victor Cha at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, the average time it has taken Washington to
The choice may be symbolic — a reply to China’s call to support mainland markets. But it is also a substantive reminder: in China, politics comes before shareholder value.
Yet it is an odd time in Japan. Some at the country’s central bank fear the 2 per cent inflation target will not be achieved, that it is too ambitious. The markets fear the yen may not fall enough to trigger a real revival of exports – the only real growth engine Japan has ever had.
This blip has been compounded by several other pessimistic indicators. The latest government purchasing managers index showed a sharp decline, car inventories hit a four-year high in June, air passenger traffic has slowed sharply, and electricity output growth has also dropped.
Xstrata said yesterday it had shut down a ferronickel mining and processing operation in the Dominican Republic for at least four months due to soaring energy costs and lower nickel prices.
Europe’s grand plan to strengthen its banking system is set to fall well short of current market expectations, identifying a capital shortfall of less than €100bn that must be made up over the next six to nine months, according to the latest official estimates.
Japan's second-largest carmaker said it would begin leasing the FCX Clarity to a “limited” number of consumers in California next summer.
While she completes her shift making greeting cards for Hallmark, Botao and about 50 other children spend the day in a temporary childcare facility at the Golden Cup Printing factory in the southern city of Dongguan, drawing pandas and making rice cakes.
China's services sector slowed to a four month low last month as cost burdens in the sector rose, according to a private measure.
Russia on Monday unblocked the sale to Iran of one of the world’s most advanced air-defence systems, in a move that will irk the US and other world powers involved in talks to limit Tehran’s nuclear programme.
As chinese workers returned to duty following a Lunar New Year break, the Changan Ford plant in the northeastern city of Harbin remained empty, with staff on an extended vacation until March.
Italy’s political crisis intensified on Tuesday when a judge ordered silvio berlusconi to stand trial on charges of paying for sex with an underage prostitute and abuse of office.
Bern received almost SFr5.5bn for the SFr6bn in mandatory convertible notes it bought in October as part of a government bail-out of Switzerland's biggest bank.
Passenger safety and security are of course paramount. The problem has been disappointing management by BAA, the UK airport operator, in normal times, and its disastrous handling of the recent crisis. Flights were cancelled and delayed largely because BAA lacked sufficient trained staff for security checks. If it takes three minutes to X-ray a suitcase, then it takes three minutes whether it is done an hour before a flight is supposed to leave or three hours later. The only reason for delays would be the decision by airport authorities to keep passengers waiting rather than spend money on extra personnel to process them quickly. bThere is an incompatibility of incentives, and because airports are a monopoly there is no competition to force it to change.b /b
The National Development and reform commission (NDRC), which is partly responsible for developing such standards, is pushing for the rules to be put on hold for up to two years because it says the lack of compatible fuel could damage new engines.
A collapse in prices for the metal has wrought havoc on producers over the past year, with Chinese mills accused of compounding sluggish demand by dumping surplus steel on to international markets.
Japan's official line is that it does not allow the immigration of unskilled foreign labourers. But these “hidden workers” – from Chinese clerks at convenience stores to African construction workers – are everywhere thanks to legal loopholes. Companies usually hire them through emihaken gaisha/i/em, or labour brokers, which means part-timers are not included in their official employee tally.
China's services sector growth hits 11-month high
More than 70 overseas banks now operate in China, having invested billions of dollars in the sector over the past five years. Several have raised expectations that local joint ventures would deliver early returns.
I am all in favour of women lunching, as often as possible, though not in the vapid manner described above, but in the spirit of conviviality and friendship. I am also in favour of men lunching, with enjoyment and gusto, not in the woefully pared-down, health- and image-conscious manner of so many of those who take the midday meal with the FT.
When foreign governments get past their frustrations with Mr Trump, they too are frustrated with Chinese commercial practices.
The Scandinavian country has just over 7,500 Covid-19 cases, equivalent to 140 per 100,000 inhabitants, according to data released on Tuesday. But 453 of those cases have been among the relatively small community living in Norway who were born in Somalia, a rate of 1,586 per 100,000.
Look around Singapore, however, and other similarities emerge between the Lion City and London. The legal system is English, and English is the lingua franca of business.
HTIL said yesterday it had decided to hand back the money to investors, prompting the shares to jump 11.36 per cent to HK$9. The company does not have significant revenue-generating operations after having sold its Indian business.
They brought their cheque books and bought stakes in state-owned lenders of all shapes and sizes before helping them sell shares in hong kong and Shanghai.
The early morning fog floats away over the imposing Mount George, revealing Joe Chuang’s rows of Chardonnay vines running across the floor of Napa Valley. Short and neat in a dark corduroy jacket and blue striped shirt, Chuang surveys the vineyard from the balcony of a pale yellow, two-storey house.
But GFCI 8, which will be released on Monday, found that London and new york are statistically indistinguishable, with 772 and 770 points, respectively, out of a possible 1,000, and hong kong is just 10 points behind, at 760. hong kong was 81 points behind the other two as recently as March 2009.
He has kept any talk of human rights behind closed doors, perhaps mindful of the occasion in May 2012 when david cameron appeared in public with the dalai lama — prompting an 18-month diplomatic stand-off.
The race to succeed Dominique Strauss-Kahn at the helm of the international monetary fund has started in earnest. On Wednesday, Christine Lagarde, finance minister of France, declared her intention to become the IMF’s next managing director. European capitals have quickly fallen into lockstep behind her candidacy. But for all Ms Lagarde’s qualities, it would serve neither Europe nor the IMF if she won the position by a fait accompli as Europeans are hoping.
Ren Jianxin did something remarkable after announcing the biggest ever outbound acquisition by a Chinese company: he answered questions from reporters.
The central bank has been caught between the dual threats of sluggish credit growth on the one hand and higher inflation on the other. Swine flu, in particular, has sent consumer prices soaring this year and threatened the reputation of the Communist party.
Yet his bank has hardly covered itself in glory. It wrote off nearly $600m in one quarter against subprime loans and monoline exposure and lost $690m in the last financial year, the first annual loss in nearly a decade. That was the catalyst for Mr Shibata's elevation to chief operating officer at, by Japanese standards, the relatively young age of 55. The bank may lose money again this year.
Even so, I still think you probably did right, in a pointless kind of way. You may have branded yourself as a racist and a sexist but, as your classmates are not your employers, that does not matter much.
benjamin netanyahu might as well have worn a mitt romney campaign pin during his visit to Washington. Israel’s prime minister does not hide his disdain for barack obama – nor his backing for the Republicans in the November election. Mr Romney, still limping towards his party’s nomination, has pledged that if he wins the White House his first overseas trip will be to Jerusalem.
hong kong developers are unable to compete with their big-spending mainland Chinese rivals, one of the territory’s wealthiest tycoons has warned, as property prices in the world’s least affordable market surge to ever higher levels.
Such imitative sincerity is hardly unusual in China's internet sector, which is dominated by locally based companies that have successfully transplanted the services of web pioneers elsewhere.
global markets seem increasingly concerned that a change in Chinese economic policy will soon force us interest rates higher. These concerns are mistaken.
I think the problem is not rudeness so much as a mismatch of expectations. The economists Kaushik Basu and Jorgen Weibull argue that punctuality is not a unique equilibrium.
Goldman also taught him collegiality and the importance of subsuming his ego to the bright minds around him. He eventually became co-chief executive of Goldman with Stephen Friedman before he moved into the Clinton administration in 1992, first as the president's economic adviser and then Treasury secretary.
Discard any question of whether the service charge is aimed at the staff or at the restaurant managers. It makes no difference. Because staff are not stupid, lower tips must mean higher wages, otherwise the waiters will find somewhere else to work.
mr yang said he believed companies like Yahoo had the power to be “disruptive or even revolutionary” in markets where access to information was restricted.
The head of Citigroup's Asian operations yesterday ruled out selling the US group's stakes in Chinese and Indian banks.
With their access to vast sums of borrowed money curtailed, buy-out firms are reluctant to pay top price for new deals while sellers are still hoping to get as much as they would have received six months ago.
The statement from China’s foreign ministry comes just hours after the US, the UK and several allies  accused Beijing of a worldwide campaign of cyber attacks aimed at stealing technology related to a host of industries, including aviation, satellites, finance and electronics.
In lieu of a definitive answer, it’s worth looking at what the Chinese statistics bureau have changed, and perhaps get some idea of why.
Therein lies the other strategic unravelling. richard nixon broke China from the Soviet orbit in 1972. That dramatic manoeuvre helped America win the cold war. mr trump is triggering a “reverse Nixon”.
The one-off price increase therefore appears to be a stopgap measure made by an administration that is betting falling international prices will eventually allow it to loosen its controls.
Using “I” when “me” is correct is common, and easy to avoid. Just take out the other person and see how it sounds. You would never say: “The stamp duty news makes a real difference to I.”
The service was halted last year after the murders. In a subsequent damning investigation, China’s transport ministry said that SoftBank-backed Didi had “ lost control” of its drivers and vehicles and suspended its carpooling service indefinitely.
In many countries, the national football team – with all its virtues and faults – is felt to incarnate the nation. But that’s particularly true in Brazil, football’s superpower. And it’s even truer during a world cup in Brazil. A vast disparate country is now doing its best to unite around a team of multimillionaire expat footballers.
global investors poured a record amount of cash into fixed-income funds for the week ending Wednesday, as the coronavirus outbreak intensified fears of a global growth slowdown.
Some analysts of China’s official GDP data have long suspected that China uses the so-called GDP deflator — the broadest gauge of inflation that is used to convert between nominal and inflation-adjusted GDP — as a fudge factor to ensure that the inflation-adjusted headline figure matches the government’s target.
What about others we think of as opposed to healthcare reform – doctors, big pharma? Where do their interests align?
In such circumstances, the US must remain attractive to foreign capital. Sound finances, enabling the US to borrow on reasonable terms, will remain an important factor in national strength. Frequent financial crises, large trade imbalances, a series of outsized budget deficits and failure to put social security and Medicare on a more sound financial footing could undermine investor confidence. That would discourage overseas investments and the willingness of central banks to hold dollar reserves, causing a plunge in US financial markets and the dollar, thereby jeopardising America's growth.
Although most of this is about personal vanity, there is a work angle. I work for a company where the accent is on youth. There isn’t much room for a bald geezer with a wispy fringe of white hair.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Japan's third-largest banking group, yesterday slashed its full-year net profit forecast by 63 per cent because of bad loan costs and a sharp drop in the value of its share holdings in other companies.
Hillary Clinton’s language may have been rather less melodramatic. But she shared Mr Trump’s premise about the threat posed to the US by an open global economy. She declined the chance to re-embrace the Trans-Pacific Partnership that she once labelled a gold standard of trade deals. She also failed to spell out what kind of America the world should expect if she were to succeed Barack Obama. Their message to Americans was: “Be afraid. Be very afraid.” The rest of the world should take note.
Another matter-of-factly informed me that he asks his clients to write letters saying how invaluable he has been in helping them create shareholder value. He then circulates the letter to all his seniors.
The sanctions amount to a tightening vice on Russia’s economy. The impact of US and EU measures imposed since Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Crimea may have been limited. Alexei Kudrin, a liberal ex-finance minister, estimates they have shrunk Russian gross domestic product by only half a percentage point a year. But they add pressure when growth is already stagnating.
In addition to pledging to keep policy interest rates low for a longer period, the central bank will buy up $300bn of longer-term Treasuries. Like most of the Fed's other measures, this move aims to reduce the cost of interest on lending and to prevent deflation with large injections of newly created money into the monetary base.
Fifteen years ago this week, Apple launched the iPod, unleashing a wave of disruption over the music industry and reviving the fortunes of what was then a struggling computer company. Thanks in part to growth spurred by the iPod, Apple has never since posted a decline in annual revenues — until this week, when it revealed an 8 per cent drop in sales for 2016.
Josep Borrell, EU foreign policy chief, captured a chorus of international concern when he warned that all countries must work together closely to stem the Covid-19 pandemic.
And that’s the problem. Originally, China’s private banks filled the shortfall left by state banks, lending to the country’s dynamic, but cash-hungry SMEs. Operating more like an investment club, they lent locally and understood their risks.
headline inflation was 5.3 per cent in early November, near the top of the central bank's 5.0-5.5 per cent estimate for the financial year and well above levels elsewhere in Asia.
The number of Indian students soared by 15 per cent in 2005-06 to 19,205, according to data released on the 26th March by the higher education Statistics Agency, making them the second biggest group of foreigners in British universities.
In fact, the preparation of any kind of political settlement has yet to begin. True, it was the election of Ma Ying-jeou, Taiwan's pragmatic new Kuomintang president, that made last week's deal possible. But Mr Ma cannot do anything to weaken the strong attachment for freedom and democracy developed by the Taiwanese over the past 50 years, even if he wants to.
According to Nils Haase of Engel & V?lkers' south-east Mallorca office, demand and prices have ebbed and flowed with the passing of each new shock. The global recession saw them tail off in the early 1990s, and lurid press coverage in Germany about the despoliation of Mallorca – sparked by government plans for an “eco-tax” on hotel guests in 1999 – had the same effect. The levy, of about &#8364 1 a night, was finally introduced in 2002 but was ditched a year later after lobbying by tourism operators.
Xu Lizhi, head of the export department of Taiyang Paper, one of China's three largest paper manufacturers, said support from the government in the form of export rebates and other measures for the company had been ended last year.
In a hangar on a vast industrial complex near Shanghai’s Pudong airport, the Chinese-made aircraft that harbours the country’s hopes of rivalling the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 is being prepared for its first test flight in May.
The performance of individual securities is based not only on earning trends and forecasts, but on mercurial investor sentiment toward the related industry, the market as a whole, perception of risk and the current returns of risk-free investments.
deutsche bank has assembled its top 200 executives in New Delhi, in a sign of the German bank’s push into India and other emerging markets.
Chinese buying has driven the price of copper to a record of nearly $9,000 a tonne and traders warned that prices could rise a further 25 per cent next year to more than $11,000 as demand continues to outpace supply.
Not since bill gates said in 2006 that he was quitting his day job at Microsoft have the founders of a leading us tech company chosen to simply walk away.
&ldquo Although the bounty system has been in place at the SEC for more than 20 years, there have been relatively few awards made,&rdquo  he said. The current system applied only to insider trading cases and criteria for judging awards were &ldquo vague&rdquo .
Particularly in Chennai. The city is proud of its conservative culture but also poised for the kind of headlong growth that has exhilarated and exhausted the residents of Bangalore and Mumbai. A few streets from Ram’s office, cars and trucks vie noisily for road-space with goats, cows, bicycles and three-wheelers. Outside the city, I saw a farmer using two bullocks to pull a single ploughshare in a field next to a gleaming Saint-Gobain glass factory and an IT park, while trucks bearing new wind turbines drove west towards Bangalore.
Argentina recently announced a deal to buy nuclear reactors from China, one of which is expected to be of original design. The anticipated export of the indigenously developed Hualong One is a symbol of how far China has come in a relatively short space of time. It has been able to manipulate its expanding domestic market to make a meteoric rise in terms of technological development.
But it's all different now. Manliness is measured by the number of blades in your Gillette, a company that advertises its product by using not just one but all three of Roger Federer, Tiger Woods and Thierry Henry: a formidable advocacy for smooth skin. I was backed into a corner. Yes, in a certain light I could just get away with grouchy Italian philosopher having to explain postmodernism to yet another group of callow 18-year-olds, but that's as far as it went. It was time to shave.
But Mr Drake, 42, complains that the soaring corporate profits and robust economic growth he helps document are not reflected in his own financial circumstances. His $47,000 (&pound 24,650, �6,850) annual salary has barely moved for five years. “Healthcare costs are up. Energy is up. But my income is standing still.”
Charities are demanding a parliamentary inquiry into poverty as a new report reveals that more than half a million people in the UK are hungry and turning to emergency food aid.
Gibraltar has rejected a US legal request to seize the Iranian tanker that has been at the centre of a stand-off between Iran and the west.
But while the focus has been on the Japanese-controlled chain – which Beijing claims and calls the Diaoyu – China also said in the same statement it “will establish other air defence identification zones at the right moment after necessary preparations are completed”, raising the spectre of tensions spreading across the region.
China is set to deepen its investment in global sports and entertainment with the acquisition of a majority stake in MP & Silva in a deal valuing the Italian-owned media rights agency at just over $1bn.
Ivan Glasenberg, chief executive, said high prices and the Chinese government’s moves to curb inflation had damped demand, although he hoped any slowdown would be temporary.
Then there's Estonian designer Reet Aus, who had a show at Estethica, a showcase for eco-sustainable designers at London Fashion Week in February. In April, Latvian duo Marite Mastina and Rolands Peterkops, otherwise known as Mareunrol's, won both the L'Oréal Grand Prize and the 1,2,3 Prize at the Hyères new design festival in southern France, the first time in the event's history that one entry won both awards.
To ease the problem, coal producers recently voted to reintroduce quotas, a decision that still needs approval from the Australian competition regulator. But the use of quotas is controversial and has regularly split the big coal companies, leading to a series of policy back-flips.
This is a watershed moment. It is not at all clear that the plan to hand power to Kim’s youngest son, Kim Jong-eun, can be carried out successfully. Kim Jong-il had 14 years to prepare to take over from his father, Kim Il-sung, who died in 1994. Kim Jong-eun has had just three years since his father had a stroke. He is not even 30 years old.
hong kong exchanges and Clearing (HKEx), the market operator, said there was “no such immediate plan [to prolong to 6pm] but we keep listening to market views and suggestions.” It added: “Any change in the trading hours will affect the whole market, so we need to consider the feedback of different groups of shareholders carefully.”
private banks have undergone significant changes in the past few years. Driven by competition, diversification and demand for higher returns they have been forced to raise their game by offering more products and services and making greater efforts to show their independence.
Ana Botín has wasted little time since becoming chairman of Banco Santander in September, last week appointing a new chief executive. Like Abigail Johnson, installed as chief executive of Fidelity in October, she worked hard for her job, but it is inescapable that both are members of founding families. For women lacking a birthright, the route to the top in financial services is tough.
The US used to be the world’s largest trading nation and its largest bilateral lender. Today nearly 100 countries count China as their largest trading partner, compared to 57 that have such a relationship with the US. China plans to lend more than $1tn for infrastructure projects over the next decade, while the US is cutting back aid programmes and its contributions to the World Bank. Are the alarmists right that China is winning the geopolitical card game with a declining US?
Harry Tchilinguirian of bnp paribas said the recent move reflected a shift in sentiment. “Long-dated prices, a proxy for the cost of new oil supply, are still high and volatile and continue to reflect the ingrained supply-side concerns in market sentiment – not just for this year, but beyond,” he said.
An unmanageable wave of defaults would also be in no one’s interest, but nor is it likely: this is China. The biggest risk to a financial system is a lack of trust engendered by collapses rather than the events themselves. That Moody’s considers half its rated Chinese corporate debt to be investment grade might surprise some, but it will not comfort anyone who fears shadow banking or China’s record of rolled-over debt. Chaori’s default could be the first sign that bad loans are being dealt with. Here’s hoping.
[I THINK THAT THIS PAR NEEDS A BIT OF SIMPLIFICATION. NON-ECONOMISTS MAY FIND THEMSELVES STRUGGLING] China’s economic expansion is in­creasingly dependent on high rates of credit creation. The pursuit of 7 per cent growth, therefore, will entail a further rise in the share of credit as a proportion of national income. The debt to gross domestic product ratio has nearly doubled since 2008 — and would do so again over fewer years because the level of debt is higher while gdp growth is lower. Rising debt levels, together with overcapacity in property and several important industries and mounting deflationary pressures threaten both financial and economic stability.
Regulatory officials have voiced their concerns over what would have been the largest amount ever raised in a share sale in mainland china and the company said in May the plan would be put off until at least November.
Margaritis Schinas, european commission spokesperson, said Brussels was aware that the us commerce department had concluded its probe and handed its findings to President Trump.
Picks include China Life, the insurer, China Mobile, now the world's largest mobile provider and Petro China, an oil company he thinks has high standards and that is likely to benefit from increased road building.
mr gates avoided raising the rhetorical ante with the former KGB officer, preferring instead to laugh off the polemic. “As an old cold warrior, one of yesterday's speeches almost filled me with nostalgia for a less complex time,” he said. “Almost.”
According to Jason Broderick, head of men’s wear at Harrods, a smart coat revival is underway. “An evening coat has become increasingly popular with our customers because of the clarity and simplicity of its design,” he says. “An ideal coat is sleek and timeless and should be seen as an investment piece because it gives the wearer a lean, angular silhouette. It has become prevalent in collections from Prada and Gucci to Corneliani as a nod to tradition with a modernist update.”
While China’s economy is picking up overall, that is largely owing to infrastructure and exports. “When you look at consumption, it’s true that’s lagging,” said Mr Neumann, who noted that luxury goods in China are recovering strongly but broader retail sales are struggling.
Jonathan Mathew, a Libor submitter, along with traders Jay Merchant and Alex Pabon, were found guilty of conspiring with others at Barclays to manipulate us dollar Libor — the benchmark interbank lending rate — for more than two years, until September 2007.
Much has changed since then. Most important is China’s more assertive push to reclaim the Japanese-controlled Senkaku islands, which Beijing calls Diaoyu. The so-called “Senkaku shock”, the latest bout of which unleashed violent anti-Japan demonstrations across China, has convinced many Japanese that a newly risen China is something to be feared. That plays into the hands of Mr Abe, who has argued that Japan should ditch its pacifist constitution, which forbids it from having an army or a navy. mr abe would also like to increase military spending. His view looks reasonable.
The 10 firms will collaborate in areas ranging from mergers and acquisitions to intellectual property in an arrangement crafted to comply with Chinese prohibitions on profit-sharing between local and international firms.
Sadly I was not able to compare facilities at the Crown, the self-styled “six-star” casino jointly owned by Macao's Melco and Australia's Publishing and Broadcasting. It opened last month with only 26 of 80 VIP tables ready, while its 216-room hotel will not be fully open until the end of July.
As Citigroup notes, some measures to tackle greenhouse gases are not necessarily green. "Nuclear power plants are completely carbon-free sources of electricity, but they produce radioactive waste that needs to be stored for thousands of years. Palm oil and sugarcane cultivation for the production of biofuels threaten the habitats of rare species in some parts of the world (e.g. orangutans in Malaysia)," it says.
chinese investors have spent billions of euros in Germany in the past few years, but have attracted increasing regulatory scrutiny of late, with the government last year stymieing a bid by a Chinese consortium for the chipmaker Aixtron on security grounds.
BP shares fell sharply again yesterday, cutting a further $12bn from the company's market capitalisation, as it struggled to deal with the impact of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
For its part, Wal-Mart says it is pursuing a drive to improve the monitoring of workplace conditions and has recently stepped up the testing of products in response to safety concerns.
Mr Toyoda on Thursday accepted a formal request to appear before the panel, which is investigating the recall of more than 8.5m vehicles by Toyota, after previously turning down an informal request to testify.
Boeing has replaced Dennis Muilenburg as its chief executive after he repeatedly failed to gain control of the crisis that followed the fatal crashes of two of its 737 Max jets.
Muammer Gaddafi’s four-decade grip on power in Libya appeared increasing fragile on Monday after protests against his regime reached the capital, Tripoli, and the opposition claimed to have gained control of Benghazi, Libya’s second-largest city.
Not only will such a complex task require co-operation with charities and other groups but the outpouring of grief has energised Chinese society in new ways. A flood of donations from chinese people to non-governmental relief organisations has demonstrated a desire both for greater accountability and for a feeling of closer involvement in the relief work. Rapid social changes have already made it impossible for China's one-party system to exert the sort of control it once did: the earthquake could accelerate the process.
Even for funds with a mandate to cover the whole region, there is a noticeable bias towards Chinese stocks, as well as those listed in Hong Kong. According to Morningstar, the average exposure to these markets for funds in the sector is 18.35 per cent and 16.86 per cent respectively. In contrast, the average exposure to India – widely seen as the other powerhouse of the emerging markets – is just 3.11 per cent.
First, I am more bearish today than I have been in the past 18 months. In so far as the market has impacted on the economy, capital destruction has been so intense that multi-trillions in capital raised by institutions through both private and public capital has gone to plug holes and not stabilise the effects of shrinking liquidity to corporations and consumers. More than $3,000bn (&#8364 2,365bn, &pound 1,955bn) of available credit has been expunged from the markets and therefore corporate and consumer borrowers so far this year.
However, a senior bank official disputed this, saying the outcome was nothing more than the “normal process – collaborative, consultative, co-operative.”
http://www.springer.com/medicine/otorhinolaryngology/journal/10162/i
Yesterday’s event focused on messaging and health as
In remarks at the G20 in Turkey, the People’s Bank of China quoted mr zhou as saying: “At present, the exchange rate of the renminbi against the dollar is stabilising, the correction in the stock market is already mostly over and the financial markets show hope for stabilising.”
Norman Zhou, head of recruitment process outsourcing for Korn Ferry China, a hiring agency, said: “As China’s economy goes through transition and faces downward pressure, companies now operate in a more uncertain environment and hire more conservatively from campus.”
At the height of his powers, mr wu met Jared Kushner, Donald Trump’s adviser and son-in-law, to discuss the purchase of a Manhattan office tower owned by Mr Kushner’s family.
&ldquo I have been thinking about it in the last few days. I can't see any rationale of the scheme at all,&rdquo  Mr Justice Rogers said on the fourth day of an appeal court hearing.
The chinese government has been heavily criticised for jailing a number of people who applied to hold demonstrations in government-chosen protest zones.
The losses arose because almost all of Merrill’s global activity in the market for collateralised debt obligations – complex debt securities, often backed by subprime mortgages – has been channelled through merrill lynch International, its UK-based subsidiary.
The ferry traffic out of Ulsan, South Korea's largest car production centre, has been unrelenting in recent months, almost to the surprise of executives at Hyundai Motor, who have been anxiously monitoring the us economic downturn.
In a conference call with employees, Vikram Pandit, Citigroup chief executive, said as much, declaring that “this was about the us financial system and the banking system”.
But 2018 is starting to look like an inflection point for the post-crisis market era, as central banks have started paring back monetary stimulus. The federal reserve has led the charge, lifting even three-month treasury yields to a 10-year high of 2.37 per cent this week. That has left almost every major asset class  nursing losses in 2018.
UBS’s decision last week to cut 10,000 jobs has shone a spotlight on a sector that, five years after the financial crisis, is still trying to come to grips with its notorious inefficiency.
The shanghai composite sank as much as 7.6 per cent in early afternoon trading before closing the day down 3.3 per cent at 4,053, its lowest finish since mid-April. The index has now fallen 22 per cent from its June 12 high, putting it in technical “bear market” territory and wiping more than $1.2tn off the total value of Shanghai-listed companies.
The Civil List has long been a contentious issue, not least for republicans, who object to taxpayer funds going to fund a lavish royal lifestyle. Sensitive, as ever to the fickle wind of public opinion, the Queen has been scaling back the scope of the list for some time. On the other hand the Queen and Prince of Wales remain exempt from inheritance tax and enjoy a personal fortune estimated by Forbes at around £300m. There are other perks too  they rarely struggle to get a restaurant reservation, for example.
When the UK's Department of Culture, Media and Sport announced at the beginning of the year that Neil MacGregor, director of the British Museum, would spearhead a &pound 3m programme aimed at sharing Britain's cultural collections and expertise with the rest of the world, there was little doubt that he was the right man for the job. The globe-trotting arts boss has made it one of his central missions to forge cultural links with “difficult” countries – Iran, China – that do not necessarily enjoy warm political relations with the west.
The ratification on Wednesday of the Start treaty, which mr obama personally negotiated with Dmitry Medvedev, his Russian counterpart, provides a boost for the US president, who had been on the backfoot after large Republican gains in Congressional elections last month.
Jeffrey Epstein’s death ended the criminal case against him, but lawyers for his alleged victims have vowed to pursue the multimillionaire’s estate to seek justice.
The summit will attempt to give some political ballast to a relationship that has developed rapidly over the past five years, driven by China’s need for raw materials, especially oil, from the resource-rich continent.
The combination of strong crude oil prices and a weakening dollar boosted gold prices to a fresh 28-year high of $824.3 an ounce, just below its all-time high of $850 reached in January 1980.
Brunello Cucinelli made a strong debut in Milan in April following fellow fashion label Salvatore Ferragamo’s successful initial public offering last June. US fashion brand Michael Kors’ December launch was the brightest, while travel goods maker Tumi debuted in April.
In his memoir Present at the Creation (1969), Dean Acheson, a former us secretary of state, describes how he and fellow “Wise Men” helped President Harry Truman to build a new liberal, rule-based order after the second world war. It was founded on institutions: the UN, the IMF, the World Bank and the Nato alliance. In 2016, as Trump dismissed Nato as “obsolete” and his consigliere Newt Gingrich described Estonia as a suburb of St Petersburg, it felt at times as if we were present at the destruction.
While many mobile phone users are only just upgrading to faster 4G networks, telecoms equipment providers are looking ahead to the next generation of mobile internet technology.
It is the latest sign of policy makers drawing a line under the financial crash and creating the conditions for the City to win new types of business. The chancellor this month told a Chinese audience that it was his “personal mission” to make London a home to chinese banks and a global hub for offshore trading in renminbi.
So far, the regime has begun receiving emergency relief supplies from its neighbours, including India and Thailand. But it has yet to approve visas for international disaster relief experts, including UN officials and international NGO workers.
The pictures showed two apparently young men, one wearing a black baseball cap and the other a white one. Both were carrying backpacks through crowds around the annual marathon.
The investment boom in cyber security companies comes as cyber crime is on the rise and recent high-profile attacks, such as the data breach at US retailer Target and the theft of customer details at Adobe, the software company, have highlighted the extent of the threat.
So your husband is dismissive, gets drunk, is embarrassing. And you want him to watch you get an award so you can thank him? Is the award for Exceptional Tolerance in the Face of Spousal Abuse? In that case you clearly deserve recognition.
But generally, these are challenging times for the industry in the short and long term. For most of the year and most hedge fund strategies, 2016 has not been great. “The world has turned into Japan,” says the head of one Hong Kong-based fund. “When rates are this low, returns are low. There is too much money and too few opportunities.”
For eighteen years since the death of Kwok Tak-seng, his three sons have stood united at the head of the real estate empire he helped found.
Citigroup, CSFB, Lehman Brothers and Fidelity have bought a stake in a new electronic equity market to be created by the Boston Stock Exchange.
“I think [Chinese] is one of those trends which is always there in the background, like military or Grecian, and will always be plundered by creative designers,” says Eleanor Robinson, buying manager of womenswear at Liberty, which is currently running a “China Design Now at Liberty” exhibition in association with the V&A.
Step forward, François Hollande, the likely winner of the French presidential election. He is campaigning as the man who will stand up to the austerity ayatollahs in Germany. His campaign is resonating – not just in Europe, but even in the US, where the grandees of the economics profession, from Larry Summers to Paul Krugman, are lining up to call for an end to Europe’s austerity policies. “Insane,” Mr Krugman calls them, with characteristic understatement.
In the already imposed global steel and aluminium tariffs and the China lists it has unveiled so far, the trump administration has largely focused on raw materials and components. Its target has been supply chains, and the impact upon us consumers has been indirect.
Tenants of the 40-storey tower, which include the UK's royal bank of Scotland, were recently informed that the building would be named after AIA, Asia's leading regional life insurance group. The final name will be decided shortly.
Policymakers must take urgent, co-ordinated steps to deliver investment in digital technology, infrastructure and the environment, she added.
CV discrepancies were on the increase and becoming more serious, the group said. Inaccuracies uncovered by the survey included undisclosed directorships and bankruptcies.
Baidu has denied blocking websites that refuse to take part in the bidding. Baidu did not respond to requests for comment.
The Financial Supervisory Commission, Taiwan's financial regulator, said in a statement late on Tuesday that it planned to allow qualified insurers to invest up to 10 per cent of their overseas investment limit in Chinese stocks and up to 5 per cent of the limit in bonds. Insurers will also be allowed to invest in host of other Chinese financial instruments including Treasury bills and exchange-traded funds.
Samsung’s sales fell 11 per cent year-on-year to Won52.7tn ($48.5bn) in the final three months of 2014, while its operating profit was down 36 per cent to Won5.3tn. Both figures were towards the higher end of guidance given on January 8.
An exchange traded fund tracking mainland chinese equities became the most traded security on the hong kong exchange in January, the latest sign of international appetite for exposure to China and the growing interest in Asia for passive investments.
Beijing's position on the united nations security Council has ensured that it has become an indispensable, if not always enthusiastic, partner for Washington, carrying messages to North Korea, and to a lesser extent, Burma, and cautiously moving in tandem with the west on issues such as Iran. At the same time, China has been willing to defend robustly its interests in places such as Africa, remaining loyal to the regimes in Sudan and Zimbabwe, despite mounting criticism from many western governments and activists.
In their campaign platforms, mr tsang and Mr Leong both pledged to address the widening wealth gap and mr tsang dubbed it "a critical social problem".
For most of the past 1,000 years, only the richest Chinese patients could afford to include seahorses in their love potions. But with industrialisation, rapacious modern fishing techniques and China's economic renaissance, dried seahorses have become widely available and are even sold pre-packaged by the dozen in supermarkets across the country.
The move mirrors plans by BP and BG Group , while Cnooc, China’s third-largest producer, has also announced cuts.
mr zhang said he thought Angang could gain useful international experience through working with ArcelorMittal, perhaps through both companies taking an equity stake in a stand-alone production venture.
Other data showed that the annual rate of producer price inflation edged up to 10.1 per cent in August from 10 per cent in July, while urban fixed-asset investment growth rose slightly.
The money could be given to international organisations, direct to farmers, companies or charities, to governments or to regional projects.
Mr Modi’s trip to Ulan Bator — the first official visit by any indian prime minister to Mongolia — is the latest Indian attempt to turn the tables and show that it can play the same games in China’s backyard as China does in India’s, albeit on a more modest scale befitting its weaker army and an economy one-fifth the size.
At present, the most vexed issue between the two countries is the payments “imbalances”. Many in the US complain that China is manipulating its currency, to preserve excessive competitiveness. Certainly, China has a large current account surplus, forecast by the international monetary fund at $184bn this year, or 7.2 per cent of gross domestic product. No other country has as big a surplus.
How hyperactive policy makers become when the price of oil starts to haunt their dreams. Three weeks ago, the Group of Seven leading industrial countries demanded that oil-exporting nations be ready to pump more of the stuff. That was after a rise in the price from $90 a barrel to $115. This week saudi arabia appeared to oblige, amid signs that it had lifted production to 10m barrels a day from about 9.9m. That combined with a fresh stimulus package in Japan to bring the price down towards $110 yesterday. Then there was the oil-price “flash crash” – a $4 plunge in 30 minutes on Monday. If this was any other commodity, an insider trading inquiry would already be under way.
Signs of fresh disagreement emerged yesterday between the chinese government and the international olympic committee over human rights.
Mr Spencer said the US was engaged in “great power competition” with other global rivals and that several of them — “primarily Russia and China” — were “all of a sudden in your supply chain, [which is] not to the best interests of what you’re doing” through military procurement.
Fourth, the US should concurrently activate a credible effort to reach, finally, an Israeli-Palestinian peace, making clear in the process what the basic parameters of such a final accommodation should involve. Without such a settlement, regional nationalist and fundamentalist passions will ultimately doom any Arab regime perceived as supportive of US regional hegemony.
Home Depot, the largest US home improvement retailer by sales, has closed its last store in Beijing, highlighting the difficulties that some western companies face when trying to transplant foreign business models into China.
Through such agreements – also known as multiple rights deals – record companies are trying to move beyond traditional record sales to handle their artists' concert tours, corporate sponsorships, merchandise sales, websites, fan clubs and just about any other source of ancillary revenues imaginable. “We ultimately will become the fifth member of each band,” is how Monte Lipman, president of Universal Republic Records, describes his label's ambition.
This comes as governments around the globe are taking on record debt to bail out loss- making banks and bolster economies as they attempt to spend their way out of the downturn.
However, there are formidable barriers to injecting some of the pep of silicon valley into the commercialisation of new technology in Japan. The biggest is that Japan does not have an Anglo Saxon-style enterprise culture. Would-be entrepreneurs have few role models apart from Masayoshi Son, founder of communications group Softbank. Aspiring to become very wealthy is regarded as faintly unJapanese.
The US accused Russia on Sunday of supporting “barbarism” over the bombing of the Syrian city of Aleppo during an emergency UN security council meeting that produced some of the most bitter diplomatic accusations of the five-year-old conflict.
That's how I've come to feel about football. I played it until my left knee dissolved into pulp, and have written about it for 25 years, but now I often think: I don't like the game anymore. Partly, this is professional deformation: I've got too close to the adored object and seen what it's really like. But partly, I'm suffering from a condition that is common among middle-aged men yet rarely discussed because it's considered an embarrassing taboo. Football just isn't what it's cracked up to be.
Three of Europe's most senior economic policymakers met Wen Jiabao, China's premier, Zhou Xiaochuan, central bank governor, and other key officials for a mini-summit on the renminbi. After the meeting Jean-Claude Juncker, Luxembourg's prime minister, who chairs eurozone finance minister meetings, said of China's plans to strengthen its currency: &ldquo I can't say I am more optimistic than I was before I came here.&rdquo
Standard & Poor’s faces the prospect of further legal action in the Australian courts over the rating of risky structured products after a litigation specialist said it would back a class action lawsuit.
But there is a further dimension – arguably a crucial variable in this – which is dryer stuff and so less noticed: economics. Soberer, perhaps, but it may have more to do with who ends up in the winners’ circle. For economics may change the final outcomes in each of these countries.
That reputation is slowly becoming outdated, but there is still one way in which China’s biggest internet companies resemble their western counterparts – the huge influence they can wield over the nation’s start-ups.
Survey respondents said they expected migrant worker wages to rise 8.4 per cent this year, up from 8.1 per cent last year (see chart) — suggesting a real wage growth of 6.8 per cent after allowing for a projected inflation of 1.6 per cent, according to Kelvin Lau, an author of the Standard Chartered report.
The ban applies to the use, manufacture and importation of plastic bags in east Africa’s dominant economy. Judy Wakhungu, the environment minister, said the initial target would be manufacturers and suppliers.
Two research teams in the US and Japan have made embryonic stem cells – or something very like them – directly from human skin cells, without having to destroy an embryo in the process.
Here are three things to ponder about tomorrow’s world. States are becoming at once more assertive and less capable. Newly empowered citizens are becoming more demanding of their political masters. Put the two together and you may have a recipe for resurgent nationalism and conflict.
Other delegates have joined the lord mayor because of the access he gets. Simon Culhane, chief executive of the Securities & Investment Institute, which promotes professional standards in London's capital markets, says joining the trip helped him cut through the difficulties the SII had experienced in trying to start operations in China. Five previous visits had failed to find the right body to apply to - despite the best efforts of the British embassy in Beijing and the Chinese embassy in London.
But despite a disappointing start to the year, with inflation dipping back to zero, governor Haruhiko Kuroda has argued strongly that the BoJ’s existing stimulus programme intended to boost inflation is on track.
Astrong financial system needs market discipline. Unfortunately, as a result of the global financial crisis, there is now a deeply embedded presumption that governments will use taxpayer dollars to bail out banks, creating a strong incentive for banks to take undue risks. Should this be allowed to continue, it will leave bank supervisors as the main restraint on excessive risk taking – not the banks themselves or their investors.
Investors have pushed down on the accelerator mostly because of various government schemes. US car sales rose by about 16 per cent month on month in June, largely thanks to the cash-for-clunkers programme, with fuel-efficient Japanese cars leading the pack.
The u-turn on a proposed multibillion-pound initial public offering of the ViiV Healthcare unit was the biggest surprise in a closely-watched presentation by Sir Andrew Witty, chief executive, aimed at shoring up investor confidence in the company and his leadership.
British MP Damian Collins has asked Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, to personally testify in an investigation into how the social network was also used in political campaigns including the Brexit referendum.
The rampant fakery of old, as well as food safety scandals, presumably played a part in encouraging the country’s wine consumers to see imported wine as a more reliable product. It also tends to be priced much more sensibly. China’s wine producers are apparently still influenced by old gifting habits, with too many overpriced bottles aimed at providing a patriotic official with a domestically produced status symbol rather than a good-value drink.
Mr McConnell, the Republican majority leader in the Senate, said on Tuesday that the US “has officially a president-elect and a vice-president elect” following a meeting of the Electoral College on Monday.
A war of words between China and the european union heated up yesterday after “frank” talks about their lopsided trading relationship.
Labour, land and power costs in the Pearl and Yangtze deltas, for example, have been rising at double-digit rates. There have been exponential price increases for essential raw materials such as copper and petroleum-based plastics. Now China's general level of inflation is setting off alarm bells in Beijing, having touched 6.5 per cent in August.
Many of China’s state companies, unlike Sharp, have little competitive edge, and operate in cyclical industries. They and their creditors are unlikely to enjoy the benefits of consolidation.
Yet China is a much richer and more important country than it was even a decade ago. It is worrying that mr hu is now struggling to implement his avowed – and eminently sensible – policies to tackle poverty and make growth environmentally sustainable. The fault lies with the party that has just held its 17th congress, for the Communist apparatchiks in charge of China have changed much less than the fast-developing society they govern.
Convincing professional men to spend their free hours reading a magazine is not easy – particularly in the age of the internet. While Condé Nast claims that circulation has grown steadily to more than 300,000, those figures have not yet been verified.
The president of the Bundesbank was once the mightiest central banker in Europe. No more. In the council of the european central Bank, Jens Weidmann is just one of 23. He has only one vote – the same as Greece. It gets worse. One of Europe’s last monetary hawks, Mr Weidmann is isolated, gnashing his teeth as the ECB gears up to go full throttle into a business that, according to its statutes, is verboten: buying the debt of member states. Wave goodbye to the old ECB  say hello to the Fed-in-Frankfurt.
But when asked if he plans to settle permanently in the Chinese capital, his response is emphatic: “I have absolutely no intention of staying in Beijing – that is a crazy daydream. It is way too expensive.
If the legislative process in Washington fails to wrap up before a newly elected Congress re-sits in January, the entire text will be subject to strongbrenegotiation and amendment/b/strong in both chambers, a potentially mortal blow.
In a brief dispatch, state news agency Xinhua said the 19th Central Committee, comprising the party’s 200 most powerful officials, would discuss unspecified constitutional amendments in January.
Stocks have been rallying for six weeks. Who is buying and what have they bought?
The normal valuation metrics just do not apply to China. The chinese companies that are listed on the hong kong market have to compete for the attention of international investors just like everyone else, so to win a valuation ahead of their peers, they need to demonstrate superior performance.
In the British-headquartered bank’s first public comments on the controversy, it rejected allegations in chinese media on Saturday that it tried to entrap Huawei in the act of breaking US sanctions, and that it had presented us authorities with misleading information.
“They will grow a lot and become more serious competitors for the Europeans over the next five years,” said Hans Jürgen Schmolke, managing director of Berlin-based Fund Buyer Focus, which identified the trend in a survey of 340 fund distributors in 10 European countries.
But the variety of other tasks given to monetary authorities and the “stunning” variation in pay suggests there is little agreement on best practice when it comes to central bankers' work, according to the report released by Sweden's Riksbank.
The total number of migrant workers rose 1.3 per cent in 2015 to 277.8m, the slowest rate since 2009 according to data available from the national bureau of Statistics.
“A lot of central banks have been very active over the last few weeks but it's just not wise for any central bank to try to stop a currency moving from a particular level,” he said. “Their huge reserves are a real source of financial strength now, so to give those away would be unwise.”
Such joint investment will allow Beijing to avoid any acceptance of Tokyo's median-line claim, while salving opposition in Japan to development of the field.
A year later, at the spring championships in Detroit, Mr Cayne was again holding his own at the bridge table. But back in New York, the investment bank he led for 15 years before becoming non-executive chairman this year was melting down.
However, Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, issued a thinly veiled criticism of the former fed chairman in May, saying he was grateful his own predecessor had not “been in the newspapers and on the radio all the time, commenting on what the monetary policy committee is doing”.
Since late 2018, the us government has increased its scrutiny of Chinese inbound acquisitions, especially in sensitive markets such as technology, but the pushback has also come to include any business that collects personal data.
This is why I disagree with the suggestion by Willem Buiter and Anne Sibert, in the FT's economists' forum, that central banks should now become market-makers of last resort. central banks could do this only if someone regulated not just the soundness of financial institutions (as now) but also the properties of all the products these institutions invent. Otherwise, the central banks might be forced to buy what they do not understand. They would, instead, be offering a commitment to be buyers of last resort in a market for lemons, thereby subsidising the creation of a market in junk. If central banks were to regulate products, however, they would be running the financial institutions. Ours would become a quasi-nationalised financial system.
China Minsheng Financial is raising a $1bn fund with the aim of cashing in on the boom in “blank cheque” initial public offerings on stock exchanges in new york and London.
The company switched to a retail business model in 1998 after China’s government banned direct selling because of an outbreak of pyramid schemes in the late 1990s.
When the late us president John F Kennedy was asked by Life Magazine to list his 10 favourite books, Ian Fleming's 1957 James Bond novel, From Russia with Love, was the only work of fiction included. Today, Russia no longer fuels the imagination of spy thriller writers or space race enthusiasts, but is popping up on investor radars due to the country's attractive investment prospects.
“Most of the time, the genome is acting on the first and second floors but over evolutionary time [millions of years] the clutter in the attic may be useful.”
There is little in economics that is more immune to that charge than the poverty research of Abhijit Banerjee, Esther Duflo and Michael Kremer, this year’s laureates.
“Every six months I take seven days to two weeks when I disconnect completely from the net and work with just a phone and voice-mail,” he says. “The whole idea is to unplug completely: it gets very stressful sucking on the information fire-hose the whole time.” Sometimes, he adds, he even does a little manual filing with pieces of paper and cardboard folders.
They are in many ways the dream investor: not only do they come flush with money but also “they are massive, passive and patient”, as Mark Bradley, who heads Morgan Stanley's relationships with private equity firms and other large pools of capital, puts it. In other words, they lack the motivation and the resources to demand swift and radical change.
The global recovery “is in danger of skidding off course”, according to the latest Brookings Institution-Financial Times tracking index of the world economy, with growth slowing sharply amid financial turbulence and policy paralysis.
Members of the eurozone are suffering from a severe bout of buyers’ remorse. Many would like to disassemble the kit they bought almost 20 years ago and put together in the late 1990s and 2000s. But they can only break it, together
The debacle is due to the unexpected severity of the financial crisis and shocking policy errors. But Iceland has excellent institutions and human capital, as well as sophisticated service enterprises. Its people will have to absorb a temporary fall in their high living standards. Its banks will be revived as much smaller institutions, still with highly capable managers. It will ultimately prosper again.
“The odds of an average corrupt official going to jail are at most three out of 100, making corruption a high-return, low-risk activity,” the report says.
Commenting on the Cambridge study, June Davison, cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation, said: “Intense emotional stress has long been associated with triggering heart attacks in those people with existing coronary heart disease. However, we still need to further understand the mechanisms of how this may happen.”
“The policy was basically giving money directly from the central bank to CDB. It spurred a lot of real estate demand, and it also expanded the base money supply,” said Xu Gao, chief economist at Everbright Securities. “Going forward it needs to be adjusted.”
The company is working to increase the efficiency of its containment cap, fitted to the top of broken valves on the sea bed in 5,000ft of water.
I do declare there were times when I was so lonesome,
Atonement is complicated. JPMorgan has reached a tentative settlement of state and federal investigations over the sale of mortgage-backed securities that were at the heart of the financial crisis. The deal is positive for investors in that it would quantify the cost of this settlement with us regulators (JPMorgan faces a litany of other investigations) and represent a big step toward putting this issue behind the bank. But investors want certainty. To that end, the final deal may fall short of resolving the mortgage overhang for JPMorgan.
Last week David Bonderman dropped the mother of all clangers. In the middle of a discussion about Uber’s sexist culture, he let slip a crass joke about how women talk too much. He interrupted Arianna Huffington, his fellow Uber director. And he got his facts wrong. Women do not talk more than men.
Chinese stocks fell again as authorities continued to try to halt the slide.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite went on an even wilder ride, sliding as much as 3.9 per cent in early trading before recovering to end down just 0.5 per cent.
At the peak of the cold war, backed by the USSR, India could adopt foreign policy postures scarcely warranted by the strength of its economy. Washington is today offering New Delhi a free ride on its coat-tails. For Baru, strategic autonomy starts at home. Fix weak public finances that leave India unable to pay for essential development expenditure, let alone nuclear submarines and aircraft carriers: then the elephant will really be able to run.
Share markets tumbled around the world on Tuesday partly in response to some discomforting – yet contradictory – data from China. But which figure should investors place the greater faith in – one suggesting the chinese economy is in the grip of inflationary overheating or another that indicates a cooling trend?
Banks in cities such as Shanghai, Xiamen and Qingdao are lowering mortgage rates for first-time buyers. Dongguan, in Guangdong province, lowered taxes on existing home transactions last month, after which March sales more than tripled compared with February.
The liquidity injection will be China’s largest single-day open market operation since 2004, according to Bloomberg, although the net addition of liquidity will be lower because more than Rmb1tn of short-term funds will mature on Monday.
Online grocery delivery helped save my reputation. Taking one child to the supermarket to do our weekly shopping was difficult. With two, the task was impossible, and I started picking fights with the checkout employees. But then our local grocer started offering online delivery, and I was hooked.
Avic 1 said that it was seeking to establish itself as a “major international tier one structural supplier” to the world aerospace industry. It is already a supplier of some fuselage sections for Bombardier's Q400 regional turboprop aircraft.
London's efforts to lure financial services companies away from new york received a boost yesterday when Nomura's new president and chief executive said he sees the UK as the engine of its international operations.
The latest leg higher for chinese equities also follows on the heels of MSCI’s decision to quadruple its emerging markets index’s exposure to companies that are listed in mainland China. The decision will compel passive investors to increase their exposure to reflect the benchmark, which is tracked by some $1.9tn of assets globally.
There is irony to Sky's tirade. Twenty years ago, rupert murdoch was the champion of the plucky new entrant and railed against the big beasts of broadcasting trying to preserve the status quo to the detriment of consumers. Now, Sky is the biggest of beasts, with a market share well in excess of 80 per cent, controlling virtually all premium pay-TV channels, making hundreds of millions of pounds of profit each year and spending &pound 900m on marketing. Now, it is using all its influence to try to prevent new entrants such as BT Vision and Top Up TV from getting a foothold in the market.
The protracted Companies Act investigation is entering its final months. Draft sections of the report commenting on individuals' conduct have been sent to them for comment, as required by the inquiry process. One lawyer who has seen parts of the draft report described its tone as highly critical.
When the four large state-owned banks in China began to establish units to hold their non performing loans in 1999, the new asset management agencies’ mandate was to try to sell or collect on as many of these troubled assets as they could. They themselves were given a ten-year life and then expected to quietly close up shop.
US large-cap active managers posted their worst monthly results since September 2011, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Beijing expects trade with Africa to hit $100bn by 2010, which makes the rationale for ICBC to gain access to Africa's biggest pan-African banking network clear.
Samsung, the biggest chaebol, now has more than 60 affiliated companies – ranging from hotels and a securities trader to shipbuilding and petrochemicals – and accounts for almost a quarter of the Korean stock market's capitalisation and more than 20 per cent of total exports.
There are three things behind their growing self-confidence. First, the US public has stopped listening to Barack Obama, their supposed nemesis. Mr Obama’s declining popularity derives largely from his inability to get things done at home. On the face of it, US public opinion supports his foreign policy goals. Overseas entanglements are unpopular. American boots on foreign ground are deeply unpopular. mr obama has been catering to the public on both counts. By the end of next year there will be no us troops in either Afghanistan or Iraq.
Investment in central london offices fell more than a third in the first half of the year as Brexit cast a shadow over one of the UK’s healthier property markets.
Thailand’s democratic fall is relatively recent. Reformers took control after the failed military interventions of the early 1990s, passing a progressive constitution in 1997, and holding free elections.
“I'm not that pessimistic yet because I still believe the chinese government will take steps to stimulate domestic demand,” he said.
In June last year the CBRC set a target for large and medium-sized state-owned banks to increase their fee-based income from about 17 per cent of their total now to 40-50 per cent within the next five to 10 years.
Sceptics say this means that regional experiments with hedging are mere window dressing until regulators make it easier for fund managers to short the largest stocks across the Gulf.
“We think it is the second stage of globalisation,” says Fran?ois-Henri Pinault, chief executive of Pinault Printemps Redoute, Gucci Group's parent company. “First all stores looked the same  now they are tailored to their local markets.”
More than half of these students chose campuses in just four countries. The US took in 22 per cent of all international students, the UK 11 per cent, Germany 10 per cent and France 9 per cent.b
The passage of the legislation is seen as essential to avoid a renewed tailspin in world financial markets, which reached the verge of meltdown last week before recovering as news of the plan emerged.
This is right, but it could do more: it could prepare for a total external default next year. That means it would need to persist with austerity this year simply to bring the primary deficit close to zero. And it would also have to enact some structural reforms to reap the benefits a default could bring.
"It is an edgy symbol. The gun itself is a metaphor for the biggest world power: whoever has the most guns has the most power. This is the same as how it used to be at the turn of the century and, because of the political climate in the past six or seven years, it's gaining speed - there is a lot of aggression.
Miners have won record prices for the annual thermal coal contracts with utilities, amid strong demand in Asia and supply disruptions in Australia earlier this year.
The stock has, in short, undergone a re-rating and the reason is structural: the possibility of a partial spinout from the company’s retail business.
The games did prompt more liberal rules for foreign journalists working in China that were later made permanent. But Beijing's commitment to tight “management” of the domestic media appears unchanged, despite revelations that a poisoned milk scandal was hushed up by officials before the games.
Liu Song is one of Alibaba’s merchants. He ordinarily sells dresses and skirts on Tmall out of a large home office in Guangdong. “We’re stuck in Hubei, our Tmall store is empty,” said Mr Liu, noting his competitors and suppliers were still closed too.
The us subprime lending fiasco and its repercussions on northern rock and international credit markets in general have brought back questions about the banking system that most macroeconomists had hoped were over and long forgotten. The confidence of what are called, rather disdainfully, “retail depositors” is not the only problem of the world monetary system, but it is still the bedrock on which everything else stands. Outside the US, deposit insurance is rarely complete and there are usually delays before reliable cheques denominated in central bank money duly arrive. In the UK it is only since October 1 this year that the financial services Compensation Scheme has been extended to cover eligible deposits of up to &pound 35,000 and the new official discussion paper leaves open the possibility of raising the amount. But the implications of sweeping guarantees have not been digested. They have the dubious feature of bringing questions such as “What is a bank?” and “What is money?” into practical politics.
The Chinese pitch appealed to German unions, Dresdner management and some German politicians because CDB was prepared to keep all of the bank's staff, whereas Commerzbank has announced plans to cut around 9,000 jobs at the two banks.
The FAO said the three-day gathering of animal health experts, regulators and industry participants from China and eight neighbouring at-risk nations would examine the fever’s spread within the country and seek agreement on a regional response to the region’s first outbreak of the disease.
Qatar’s purchase of a stake in a hong kong department store chain is the beginning of a potential $15bn spending spree targeting Greater China, according to people familiar with the Gulf state’s plans.
house prices in large chinese cities are among the highest in the world in terms of price-to-income ratios, with speculative demand from chinese investors — who see few other good places to park their savings — as a major driver. The result is an estimated 50m empty homes, according to a survey by the Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in Chengdu.
This new book's “five minds” should not be confused with Gardner's theory of multiple intelligences. The latest work looks at the intellectual approaches managers and employees will need to function successfully in the 21st century.
In a prime time televised address, mr obama outlined his strategy “to degrade and ultimately destroy” the islamic state of Iraq and the Levant, known as Isis, which has shocked the White House by grabbing large swaths of territory in northern Iraq and Syria in recent months.
Last month, Robert Zoellick, former president of the World Bank and us trade representative, addressed a group of top US executives with business in China with a warning and a challenge. At Washington’s Ritz-Carlton hotel, with Cui Tiankai, China’s ambassador to the US, in the audience, mr zoellick asked if the gathering was “ready” for a slide into US-China conflict.
Xu Bo has worked in a construction gang in Beijing for four years, helping build the city apartments and skyscrapers that symbolise China’s urban transformation.
However, protecting exporters may have unwanted side-effects. On Barclays Capital estimates, every 1 per cent move in the dong versus the dollar adds roughly 15 basis points to inflation. Worse, the willingness to devalue only encourages investors and Vietnamese citizens (who already keep a large proportion of assets in foreign currencies and gold) to shun the local currency. As the dong touched a record low of 19,395 to the dollar yesterday, forward derivatives implied a break through 20,000 within three to six months.
The final hours of the meeting were dramatic. Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary- general, made an impassioned plea to delegates to come up with a deal, the US was booed by other countries in the plenary session, and the UN's top climate change official left the podium in tears after harsh criticism from the Chinese delegation.
Scarsdale wine retailer Zachys was originally Christie's local partner in New York, but now runs its own wine auctions. Like the even more successful auctioneer based on a new york wine store, Acker Merrall & Condit, Zachys' wine sales are a world away from the salerooms of London where parcels of wine are traded with quiet efficiency.
After 14 months in office donald trump is delivering on his campaign promise to crack down on what he has long labelled China’s unfair trade practices by rolling out plans for new tariffs on up to $60bn in chinese imports and other sanctions against Beijing.
China has been focusing in recent months on controlling sulphur dioxide emissions, which cause acid rain. In 2005, China discharged 25.5m tons of sulphur dioxide, the most in the world, according to Sepa. Of that amount, about 85 per cent came from industrial sources. The government has set a modest goal of cutting sulphur dioxide discharges by 10 per cent to less than 23m tons by 2010.
His comments echo calls by Paris for new EU barriers to free trade in response to rising global demand for food. Michel Barnier, France's farm minister, last month called for curbs on “free-market liberalism”, a view reflected by Mr Seehofer: “We need more market liberalisation, but under fair conditions.”
More a shotgun marriage than one based on mutual love and respect, the weapon being held to the heads of both parties was the prospect of a disruptive annual meeting next week, where either side could have lost face and fund managers faced a difficult decision over who to support.
This week confirmed, if ever it was in doubt, that it is truly chic to be a geek.
Harney, a former financial times journalist, shows just how difficult it can be for a western company, even with the best of intentions, to find a reliable outsourcing partner. For example, some chinese groups establish model factories, clean and well-maintained with happy workers, which are shown to western managers when they come calling, with assurances that all the rest of the company's factories are run to the same standard. In fact, they are dark, dirty and dangerous places.
Chinese stocks hit a record high value of more than $10tn in October and foreigners own their biggest ever share of the country’s bond market. In September, Chinese treasuries were added to one of the world’s most important bond indices, paving the way for an estimated $140bn of inflows.
The raw number of deals announced in the first half of the year topped the first half of 2007's total, according to preliminary figures from Dealogic. But while the five biggest deals announced in the first six months of this year accounted for 15 per cent of global M&A volume, the overall number of transactions valued above $1bn dropped sharply.
Morgan Stanley also took direct aim at Arthur Sulzberger Jr, asking that his posts as chairman of the Times company and publisher of The new york times newspaper be held by separate executives, and that the board's compensation committee include a majority of independent directors.
Member of the european parliament  former minister of justice, France
Thousands of Catalan separatists stepped up protests against the Spanish state on Thursday after a police swoop on regional officials deepened Catalonia’s power struggle with Madrid over a planned independence referendum.
Beyond the tribulations of marrying Chinese and south african corporate cultures, negotiating the upper echelons of ICBC – including establishing links with their counterparts – is taking time, Standard executives said. ICBC is majority-owned by the communist-run state.
boris johnson said on Wednesday that initial steps to ease the UK’s lockdown are set to be taken on Monday, as the prime minister confirmed he will set out his exit strategy in a televised address at the weekend.
And there is an inevitable trade-off: most banks would rather reject a handful of bona fide callers than let through a fraudster, so there will always be a small proportion of genuine callers who will need to be put through to an operator for verification.
The witness’s name was Darrell Huff, a freelance journalist beloved by generations of geeks for his wonderful and hugely successful 1954 book How to Lie with Statistics. His reputation today might be rather different had the proposed sequel made it to print. How to Lie with Smoking Statistics used a variety of stork-style arguments to throw doubt on the connection between smoking and cancer, and it was supported by a grant from the Tobacco Institute. It was never published, for reasons that remain unclear. (The story of Huff’s career as a tobacco consultant was brought to the attention of statisticians in articles by Andrew Gelman in Chance in 2012 and by Alex Reinhart in Significance in 2014.)
Andria Zafirakou doesn’t do lunch. Instead, she stands in a playground at Alperton Community School in north London, where she has been an art teacher for 12 years, eating a sandwich and discouraging 1,400 pupils from doing anything nasty to each other.
The rate of small business creation in the US is in long-term decline. Last year just 513,000 businesses were created, down from 543,000 in 2011. Overall, businesses under five years old account for just 8 per cent of US businesses, against 13 per cent in the 1980s, according to the Kauffman Foundation. Would-be entrepreneurs are hampered by a litany of problems. The us tax system gets ever more complex, which favours large companies that can afford to hire lawyers to navigate their way through it. The same applies to federal regulations, whose growing complexity benefits large corporations. Most large pieces of US legislation should be subtitled: The full employment for Accountants and Lawyers Act.
“A midnight blue tuxedo is a great choice for keeping it classic but also standing out in a crowd,” says Jason Basmajian, creative director at Gieves & Hawkes. Designer Brunello Cucinelli agrees: “I find it to be the most elegant colour. Black is overestimated because the details almost disappear.”
The 62-year-old founder and chief executive of the Japanese technology conglomerate has vowed that his $100bn Vision Fund will tackle “the biggest challenges and risks facing humanity today”.
The wacky phone case made its catwalk debut at Jeremy Scott’s inaugural show for Moschino autumn/winter 2014. In keeping with the rest of the collection – kitsch, colourful, cute – it was shaped to resemble a packet of French fries.
The first public remarks by the carmaker’s former chairman since his 2018 arrest in Tokyo came in an hour-long monologue at a Beirut press conference on Wednesday.
Officials in Beijing attempted to put a positive spin on the numbers, noting that the impact was temporary. But the data — some of the worst official figures ever reported in China — bode poorly for the country’s economic outlook in 2020.
The reason? During the past decade, Prof Holmes has been conducting research inside central banks to understanding their cultural and social dynamics. In particular, he has analysed how central bankers across the world have tried to control inflation through actions and (most importantly) ritualistic statements. The research is unusually timely, as investors digest the latest Fed minutes – and economists, policy makers and journalists gather for the annual central banking conference in Jackson Hole.
Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim Al Thani, Qatar’s former prime minister and architect of its assertive investment strategy, has been replaced as head of the country’s sovereign wealth fund, as the emirate accelerates its transition to a younger generation.
In further recognition of the standing of “merch”, as it is known, in modern-day music commerce, Universal has acquired the UK-based Atmosphere Apparel from founder/owner Mark Stredwick. Atmosphere, which Mr Stredwick will continue to run as a standalone business, holds merchandise rights outside north america to Metallica and Red Hot Chili Peppers, and European rights for Rage Against the Machine. Bravado already represents Metallica in North America.
Jing Ulrich: chinese banks are aiming to expand overseas. With a leap in profits in the first quarter of 2008 and a war chest from mega-IPOs, the larger banks are flush with funds. In contrast, many foreign banks are in financial distress as a result of the credit crisis.
Yet when he won the nobel prize for economics in 1991, it was for two articles published almost a quarter of a century apart. The first, “The Nature of the Firm”, was conceived while he was an undergraduate on a trip to the US and for the first time provided a rigorous explanation of why companies exist. People created companies, said Coase, to avoid what he called “marketing costs”.
The first is whether China may intervene with force to crush Hong Kong’s long-running popular protests. The topic is too sensitive for most local investment bankers even to broach.
So far, only the UK has lived up to those pledges. But last month, together with Angela Merkel, the german chancellor and current G8 president, mr blair formed another international commission, headed by Kofi Annan, the former UN secretary-general, to monitor donor commitments and the promises of reform made by African governments. As president of the World Bank, mr blair would be well-placed to continue this role.
CNPC, parent of listed PetroChina, agreed to set up a Rmb200m “environment sustainability and protection fund” to settle a court case brought by the Dalian environmental protection Volunteers Association, a local organisation with strong backing from former city officials.
Details of how the Shanghai pension fund will be managed have yet to be released, including whether third-party managers will be given mandates to handle part of the money. However, some observers believe it could be the first step in a broader shake-up of the local government pension sector.
Richemont, the conglomerate behind Cartier, Van Cleef & Arpels and Montblanc, recently provided the clearest indication of the new world order in watches and jewellery.
Japanese investment in China recorded a steep drop in October, amid friction between Asia’s two largest economies over a chain of islets in the east china Sea.
Richard Holbrooke, US special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, told Nato ambassadors in Brussels that both countries' problems had to be tackled by working with neighbouring nations including Iran and China. president barack Obama's administration favoured roughly doubling the size of the Afghan army and national police.
The high-profile accidents have not dented the enthusiasm of the big chemicals multinationals for investing in the Chinese market. foreign direct investment in the industry last year rose from $2.66bn to $2.8bn.
(I did.) When the wedding was over, I walked back to the car, drove back into the town centre, picked up the family, and drove them home to east London.
The central theme of this decade's bull market in crude is little different from previous oil shocks: a change in expectations about future supplies. In other words, many think we have enough oil today but might not tomorrow. A series of largely man-made disruptions has fed that fear. In countries such as Russia and Mexico, resource nationalism has stifled investment in supply. Violence in Nigeria and Iraq has shut down fields. The energy policy Research Foundation estimates the world's lost output of up to 4.5m b/d is the equivalent of twice the world's effective spare capacity.
Donald Trump’s executive order, which comes into effect on January 11, days before he leaves the White House, has flummoxed financial institutions, leaving the new york stock exchange banning a handful of Chinese companies, reinstating them days later, and on Wednesday banning them again under pressure from the Trump administration. On Thursday concerns over how the blacklist will apply hit shares in US-listed Asian tech stalwarts Alibaba and Tencent.
According to the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security’s investigations unit, the Chinese honey was in some instances smuggled into the US as products such as juice, syrup and sweeteners. In other cases it was shipped through other countries and labelled with another country of origin to escape the higher duties on honey from China.
“The fintech market in China is at least one generation ahead of the US, if not two,” said Schulte Research founder Paul Schulte.
Escalating risks to the global economic recovery mean the US and other major economies should not sharply tighten short-term fiscal policy, the international monetary fund has warned.
I believe the Yuan will continue to appreciate against other currencies. The chinese government is not letting the Yuan float freely, but it has allowed an annual appreciation during the past two years of more than 5 percent against the US dollar. I believe there will be upward pressure on the Yuan for many years to come and I believe that the undervaluation of the currency is one of the many reasons why investors should have some exposure to Chinese equities.
Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s founder, argues that a newly emergent force is rattling the world’s established powers. This force has no state and wields no weapons. He calls it the Fifth Estate.
Amonolithic, Putin-led Kremlin using the “energy weapon” to browbeat neighbouring  Ukraine and beyond threaten the rest of Europe with natural gas shortages: the image has become a commonplace during the “gas spats” of the past few years. Yet those spats have a longer history than is generally appreciated – they began in 1992 – and, what is more, vladimir putin and Gazprom cannot win a prolonged gas war, and they know it.
Indian and Chinese troops clashed briefly in a border dispute in the western Himalayas on Wednesday, highlighting continued tension over contested territory in the region.
Bankers said investors' exit from commodities was due to a combination of concerns about weakening global economic growth  an attempt to lock in gains from earlier record price rises, and fears that large price volatility could lead to big losses.
But tomorrow’s leaders — and today’s mba students — must learn something new: how leaders use their positions to orchestrate and facilitate the flow of ideas and boost employee curiosity.
“The south needs to take care of its own problems,” said one senior Argentine banker.
hedge funds are embracing an esoteric credit product widely blamed for exacerbating the financial crisis a decade ago, as low volatility and near record prices for corporate debt tempt them into riskier areas to seek higher returns.
The service relies on professionals based in hong kong and Singapore to fly into customers' countries for short visits, says the US consultancy. “Asian institutions' dissatisfaction with the amount of personal attention they receive from their asset managers is a clear reflection of the coverage models used by investment management firms in the region,” said Abhi Shroff, Greenwich Associates consultant.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it will deploy more Chinese equipment at its struggling US shale business – becoming the latest natural resources company to try to reduce costs by switching to cheaper Asian suppliers.
In comments immediately seized upon by Republicans, state department spokesman John Kirby said the cash payment had been held back as “leverage” to ensure that the prisoners were actually released.
Industrial and commercial bank of China, China's largest bank by assets, has been lobbying for over a year to set up branch operations in the US. china construction Bank, the country's second-largest by assets, put in its application in February.
If the Chinese renminbi does emerge over the next decade or two as one of the key global reserve currencies, as Beijing hopes, it will not be the result of a “big bang” announcement, but will instead develop through a series of seemingly small steps that reshape the way the chinese currency is used.
Domestic bond markets in sub-Saharan Africa are largely undeveloped and are overwhelmingly dominated by south africa and Nigeria.
The National Audit Office said in a one-line statement yesterday that it had been instructed by the state council, China’s cabinet, to come up with a tally of how much money is owed by all levels of government, from villages up to central authorities.
Baoneng Group faces the forced liquidation of its investment in China Vanke unless it can meet impending margin calls on its borrowing — in a demonstration of the risk of using leverage to build a stake for a hostile bid.
The HKEx believes there is no proof consolidation would produce synergies in terms of revenues, costs, operations or technology.
China has thrown the un climate summit into confusion as more than 100 senior ministers from around the world fly into the south african coastal city of Durban for a final week of increasingly fraught talks on how to tackle climate change.
Peer recommendation and consumers who want what they see others are buying online could well influence this evolution. “Brands know that word of mouth is the best way to generate interest and the image conscious brands should seek out those social shoppers who can be their best brand evangelists,” says Gould. Don't think of it as following the herd, think of it as the wisdom of the masses.
Mo Shaoping, one of China's best-known human rights lawyers, told the financial times he had been contacted by people &ldquo from the American side&rdquo  to see whether he would meet Mr Obama, who arrived in China last night for the third leg of his &shy inaugural Asia tour as &shy president.
But in 1944-45, multilateral institutions such as the IMF, World Bank and UN were born out of American strength, not American weakness. One of the reasons bretton woods worked was that the US was clearly the most powerful country at the table and so ultimately was able to impose its will on the others, including an often-dismayed Britain. At the time, one senior official at the Bank of England described the deal reached at bretton woods as “the greatest blow to Britain next to the war”, largely because it underlined the way in which financial power had moved from the UK to the US.
Although Mr Ross had not formally announced or scheduled the visit, it was being considered within the administration to coincide with the bringing into effect, in mid-February, of the “phase one” trade deal which was signed this month by Donald Trump, the US president, and Liu He, China’s vice-premier.
For the first time since I started taking an interest in such things, an internal motivational memo has been doing the rounds online not because it is deemed bad, but because it is deemed good.
The explosion in cryptocurrencies — the total value of bitcoin and other digital currencies stands at more than $354bn despite a fall in recent months — has attracted the interest of regulators, who have had to balance the desire not to stymie the new technology while weeding out fraudulent ventures.
The UN security council met on Friday after Russia condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian air base and vowed to help beef up the regime’s air defences.
And he can't say enough good things about Pilar Sanchez, the 83-year-old woman from Asturias who spent an afternoon teaching Batali and Bittman how to cook chicken with peppers and baked apples. He also raves about empanadas, paella and other dishes from the trip.
Four dishes and one soup, with no alcohol. This was the meal symbolically consumed by Xi Jinping, China’s president, on a visit to Hebei province in 2012 as part of his crackdown on corruption among party officials. There should be no lavish hospitality or edible bribery, he signalled.
There are several lessons investors should draw. For a start, this is a time to be selective when deciding whether to invest in the debt or equity, as well as which companies to pick. Secondly, as the government intrudes further into the economy, investors must pay close attention to changes in policy and piggyback on them.
China's ability to replicate and develop Russian technology had led to a debate in Russia about whether it should supply Beijing with more advanced fighter aircraft, Mr Holtom said.
After months of crisis, the multibillion-dollar deal is a key part of Uber’s attempt to start a fresh chapter under new chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi.
Leif Johansson said Volvo would have preferred “a little less growth” in large developing countries during the second quarter, when sales grew 89 per cent in south america and 75 per cent in Asia, compared with last year.
One senior Pakistani government official said Beijing's backing “begins with $500m with the promise to go upwards”.
The statistics are frightening. Unemployment is about 26 per cent  youth unemployment is more than 50 per cent. The economy is forecast to contract again this year, by about 1.5 per cent. The banks have had to be bailed out – but there is a fear that if the economy keeps sliding, they will be hit by a second wave of bad debts. The government has cut spending sharply and loosened labour-market regulations. But the fiscal deficit this year remains on track to be about 6.6 per cent of gross domestic product – and the national debt is heading up to 90 per cent, often regarded as the danger level.
One cannot get out of debt by taking on more debt. How often have you read such remarks? It is a cliché. As the McKinsey Global Institute study points out, it is also false. Sweden and Finland, both hit by big crises in the early 1990s, are good examples of why this is so.
The cut-off in Jiangsu's Shuyang city – the latest in a series of pollution scandals that have disrupted water supplies to millions – came as a top environment official warned that the already dire plight of Chinese rivers and lakes was still worsening.
With an eye to such opportunities, the asset manager, which has 95 per cent of its $11bn (&pound 6bn, &#8364 7.4bn) assets invested in Asia, rolled out the LG Asian Green Fund in June, with seed capital of $36m.
Outside China, corporate livestreams have focused on branding and marketing. But in the world’s most populous nation, live online shopping has grown to a $60bn market as the pandemic kept people out of physical stores.
This month's plummeting share prices on wall street and in the City of London are the sort of thing that send panic through the world of business schools. Particularly concerned will be those students who are graduating this summer and planning to move into the financial sector, but business schools themselves will be haunted by the spectre of 2001-2, when recruiters withdrew job offers and applications plummeted.
But Li Li, head of analytics at ICIS, said there was unlikely to be large-scale expansion as chinese policymakers did not think there was much risk of a global crude shortage.
Monderman has so far spearheaded more than 100 Shared Space schemes in the Dutch region of Friesland. In the village of Opeinde the division between road and pavement is now indistinguishable and road markings and signs have been removed. Traffic still flows – but at a leisurely pace of about 30km per hour – and the streets have been reclaimed by playing children, cyclists and barking dogs.
Toyota, Honda, General Motors, Ford and BMW as well as a number of chinese companies used the Shanghai auto show, which started this weekend, to exhibit new alternative fuel cars.
brent crude has dropped to the lowest level in more than a decade, surpassing the lows hit at the depths of the financial crisis, as the market groans under the weight of over abundant supply.
The rub is that an SSE listing would be a logistical nightmare. Its growth is undisputed, but the exchange claims to be not making a profit. At best, that suggests a big pile of cash tucked away somewhere  at worst, surplus income has been frittered away. It would leave question marks over the fate of China's other exchanges, but may pave the way for a merger with the smaller shenzhen stock Exchange. One thing, however, is clear. Listed or unlisted, the exchange will remain under government control. Ultimately, the SSE is more likely to buy its hong kong counterpart than be swallowed up by growth-hungry global exchanges.
Enthusing about the iPod’s simple scroll wheel, the hardware interface that made it easy to sift through large libraries of music, Steve Ballmer, Microsoft chief executive, said at the time that his company might have to develop more of its own hardware if it wanted truly to compete with Apple.
As us president donald trump prepared to enter the heat of battle in his trade war with China — with the imposition of a planned new round of tariffs on $200bn worth of imports — Larry Kudlow, his chief economic adviser, went on CNBC to offer a soothing message to investors.
IE8 will be available for public download as a “beta” version, but Microsoft would not commit to a date for the software to be bundled into the Windows operating system.
Ultimately, the Barclays bank-led bid for ABN Amro failed and CDB had to settle for a 3 per cent stake in Barclays instead, for which it paid $3bn. But CDB's involvement in the deal was a powerful signal that Beijing intended to transform it from a piggy bank for pet political projects into a more independent, market-driven lender.
At Hambantota, a remote fishing town on Sri Lanka's south coast, Chinese engineers dig a channel through the beaches, connecting the indian ocean with a vast inland pit, whose soaring concrete walls dwarf the earth-moving equipment working below.
There has been little consensus about how to respond. The apparatus of international policy co-ordination, including the G20 itself, is somewhere between feeble and non-existent. Still, there is room for central banks and finance ministries to offset the shock emanating from China and the commodity markets.
He wants to promote UK-based financial services to the Chinese private sector and government bodies and plans to meet bankers, insurers and other financial services executives as well as regulators and politicians.
But can the baby steps luxury is taking into the ethical and green sphere help make hay while the consumer (and Venetian) sun is shining? “Luxury has always had an uncomfortable relationship with charity  the first is essentially unnecessary, and helping people is very necessary. But just because it can seem gimmicky doesn't mean you shouldn't do it  everything we do is gimmicky, to a certain extent.” This is John Hooks, Deputy managing director of the Armani Group, explaining why Armani decided to get involved with (Project) Red, Bono's initiative to fight AIDS and tuberculosis in Africa. Still, altruism was only a part of it, he said. “It was propelled by a business interest. We were aware of a consumer interest, and we followed that.”
A slightly different but related income distribution phenomenon can be seen in the US. In the past 20 years, productivity and real incomes have risen in the US, but the middle of the distribution has gained less than the lower tail and especially the upper tail. The middle grew at 0.4 per cent annually while the upper end grew at 1.25 per cent  small numbers that add up to large changes over a decade or two.
The 2018 financial times ranking of masters in management has reached the milestone of 100 schools for the first time, as the MiM degree continues to grow in popularity worldwide. Find the full ranking here.
Since Peng appeared with president xi on his tour of Russia last spring, the chinese media and people appear to have been enraptured by her. “Finally, we have a first lady we can be proud of,” said one typical post on Weibo, the Twitter-like microblogging service.
Since then, the top propaganda officials of the ruling communist party have ordered tighter curbs on foreign involvement in the media to protect “national cultural security”. Only a handful of production ventures were subsequently approved and their impact has been limited.
China General Nuclear
“There are conflicting trends. Some alliances have been struck but others have failed,” he says.
Some 15 per cent of expatriate workers, on average, resigned within 12 months of returning home. In some cases, losses could be up to 40 per cent, compared with normal staff turnover of about 3-5 per cent.
When Australia’s Macquarie and TPG Newbridge of the US made rival offers to buy the group’s network and media assets in June, executives involved in the transaction hinted at share valuations of up to HK$6.20.
Technology leaders such as elon musk of Tesla Motors and venture capitalist Peter Thiel have warned that rogue AI, or artificial intelligence, could one day threaten the human race.
Until Tuesday, mr obama was this year's phenomenon – and he still may be. Unless, that is, the Oscars had another prescient message. The winner for the best documentary went to Taxi to the Dark Side.i
Of course China, with its 1.3bn people, has an economy vastly bigger – roughly 350 times bigger, in fact – than its east European cousin. Scale does matter. But, until China chooses to act like the sum of its parts, it might be more useful to think of it as 350 Albanias than as one America.
On the upside, president barack obama unveiled a sensible proposal on Tuesday to overhaul the Byzantine us corporate tax system. While modest – and excluding personal income taxes – Mr Obama’s mini “grand bargain” would at least row in the right direction. Eliminating loopholes and reducing the rate of corporation tax to 28 per cent could help bring the us investment drought to an end.
In Hong Kong, the hang seng index rose 0.3 per cent to a sixth successive record close of 22,885.84 points.
Gulf oil producers will continue buying dollar-based assets with their windfall revenues, but not all the money will flow into the US, according to Mohsin Khan, director of the international monetary Fund’s Middle East and central asia department.
Margaret Chan, WHO director-general, said the pharma industry had spent almost $1bn developing Ebola vaccines in the past two years without any return on investment.
Restrictions on air travellers in Europe, including those using UK airports, are to be further relaxed, UK’s Department of Transport said yesterday.
Mr Rogers says the two main pillars of support for sterling have been North Sea oil and the strength of the uk financial services sector, in particular, the City of London's role.
It should be no surprise when violence ensues. mr trump has given supporters the green light by saying he would like to punch the protesters himself. This week’s Cleveland convention will test Mr Trump’s self-control on a grander level. For the first time since the 1960s, far-right white supremacist groups will be likely to be patrolling the same streets as black civil rights protesters. Taboo sentiments, such as Holocaust denial, are seeping back into the conversation.
One snag for China is that the return on this portfolio is much less than could be earned at home on, say, badly needed infrastructure investment. And as Andrew Smithers, the London-based economic commentator, points out, sterilisation of the funds required to buy the foreign exchange becomes more difficult as the scale of intervention rises – which is the economist's way of saying that it becomes harder to offset the expansionary domestic monetary consequences of the intervention.
“Who would have thought that pig farming could create wealth on such a scale,” said Hurun Group chairman and chief researcher Rupert Hoogewerf.
Alan Greenspan risked stirring renewed controversy yesterday when he told Bloomberg news agency that there was a “one-third probability” of a us recession this year.
Banks' problems still have their foundations in bricks and mortar. And as unemployment rises, housing ills are taking a new turn. US foreclosures in the first half of 2009 totalled 1.5m &ndash  in line with forecasts, in spite of widespread moratoria early this year and much-trumpeted loan modification programmes. In fact, with June becoming the fourth consecutive month with more than 300,000 properties receiving notices of foreclosure &ndash  a first &ndash  the American housing market may again be deteriorating.
A sharply rising number of attempts to block imports has led to a much smaller increase in actual tariffs and affected only a limited share of global trade, according to World Bank research.
Europe’s central banks have all but halted sales of their gold reserves, ending a run of large disposals each year for more than a decade.
There are politicians and there are leaders who change the weather. France’s Fifth Republic has had its share of politicians. In emmanuel macron it has now chosen a rainmaker as president.
In the sweep of arid land that extends as far as the eye can see, there is one patch of brightness  a gorgeous, sparkling swimming pool set in the middle of nowhere. It’s part of a privately run swimming centre in Colonia Sant Jordi, in the south-east corner of Majorca, and it is where some of the world’s greatest swimmers escape to for a few weeks every year, for intense pre-competition training. In this Olympic year, it has been bustling.
It has been quite a week for Adam Koszary. His quirky digital campaign for the previously obscure Museum of English Rural Life won a Gold Muse Award from the American Alliance of Museums. Hours after he tweeted his delight, the 28-year-old posted that he was no longer going to join London’s Royal Academy, but would move to a quite different role: social media manager at Tesla, the carmaker headed by the mercurial Elon Musk. As career pivots go, this is a handbrake turn.
The terrorist attacks on France were a shock. The ensuing wave of mostly uninformed foreign opining about France was not. Even more than other countries, France has a distorted international image.
Legislators recently introduced three separate bills to reform the H-1B system but they face an uphill battle to win support because us politicians are cautious about taking a stand on immigration issues, several companies said.
The problem with the knowledge economy, writes Roberto Mangabeira Unger, is not that it is disrupting the way we work and produce, but that it is not doing so enough. Having long since displaced manufacturing as “the most advanced mode of production” in the richest economies, it “remains the prerogative of an elite”, he laments.
Edmund Burke famously cautioned that “the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.” I have been reminded of Burke’s words as I have observed the behavior of us business leaders in Davos over the last few days. They know better but in their public rhetoric they have embraced and enabled our new president and his policies.
Cheaper oil prices and a resurgent us economy are unlikely to be enough to pull the global economy out of a growth pattern that is “too low, too brittle and too lopsided”, Christine Lagarde, managing director of the international monetary Fund, said yesterday.
And the rally continues. The Nikkei 225 rose 4.1 per cent in the opening minutes of Tokyo trading, rising above 17,000 for the first time since 2007.
Judge William Pauley agreed with prosecutors that the charges to which Mr Cohen pleaded guilty, connected to paying hush money to two women who claim to have had affairs with Mr Trump, were in “co-ordination with” and at “the direction of” the president.
The demonstrations were sparked by an attempt by Ms Lam to push through an extradition bill that would allow criminal suspects to be sent to mainland china for trial, with public opposition so heated protesters stormed the territory’s de facto parliament this month.
Google has feared a backlash from Beijing since it announced last week that it was diverting its Chinese search service to its hong kong site so that it could circumvent Beijing censoring politically-sensitive searches.
Indeed, the highly publicised arrest of the head of the communist party in Shanghai this year – ostensibly for corruption – looks from another angle like the use of criminal enforcement as a tool of macroeconomic management.
The phenomenon has even permeated parts of the public sector, most noticeably the national health service University in the UK.
Although the final net bill would be lower than the €100bn upfront settlement, the more stringent approach to UK obligations significantly raises the estimated €60bn charge mentioned by Jean-Claude Juncker, european commission president. It also reflects the hardening position of many EU members, which have dropped reservations about the political risks of the bill to pile on demands to help plug a Brexit-related hole in the bloc’s common budget.
But they are unlikely toabandon cheap suppliers while the signal from consumers is mixed.
But more recently, policymakers have begun to stress the positives, arguing – as the World Bank did in an important 2005 report – that remittances can reduce poverty and help the less well-off ride out downturns. As well as helping meet bills for food and medicines, transfers are used for school fees and books. The money tends to be more reliable than other sources of foreign capital: during the 1990s remittances were one of the least volatile sources of foreign exchange for developing countries. While capital flows tend to rise and fall with the economic cycle, flows of remittances were more stable. “They tend to be counter-cyclical,” says Mr Ratha.
Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators gathered in central Taipei yesterday in support of students who have occupied Taiwan’s parliament for two weeks to protest against a trade pact with mainland China, writes Jamil Anderlini.
But talk to executives at the world's leading energy companies and top of their list of worries for the future of LNG comes one issue: supply. Of the planned US projects, only six to eight are expected to be built by 2016, and last year many ships struggled to find cargoes. Global supply is expected to undershoot predictions by 28 per cent in 2012, according to PFC Energy, the consultancy.
Some companies are benefiting by asking “green” consumers to pay them for cleaning up their own pollution. For instance, DuPont, the chemicals company, invites consumers to pay $4 to eliminate a tonne of carbon dioxide from its plant in Kentucky that produces a potent greenhouse gas called HFC-23. But the equipment required to reduce such gases is relatively cheap. DuPont refused to comment and declined to specify its earnings from the project, saying it was at too early a stage to discuss.
South Korea’s coastguard said it had arrested the captain and eight crew on Monday near the maritime border with North Korea, following a battle for control of the vessel.
China should have an open capital account by that time. If just 5 per cent of savings leaves the country in 2020, that money could equal $885bn in outbound investments. If 10 per cent, then $1,700bn would go abroad.
A faulty angle of attack sensor was suspected of playing a role in the Lion Air 737 Max crash off Indonesia last October that killed all 189 people on board. The faulty sensor triggered a new anti-stall feature, MCAS, which forces the nose of a climbing aircraft down if it calculates there is a danger of stalling, according to a preliminary report.
One of Wall Street’s quintessential images is fading in the coronavirus era, as electronic dealing sweeps away scenes of brash bond traders barking orders.
equity prices have fallen back to early 2006 levels and – in our view – may have a further 10 per cent to fall. This decline in household wealth may push the savings rate higher by about 2 per cent, reversing most of the reduction seen during the credit boom.
Documents have come to light in the wake of Muammer Gaddafi’s dethronement that – if proved genuine – could inculpate the British intelligence services for complicity in abuse and torture of terror suspects at Libyan hands. For both the British people and the intelligence services themselves, it is crucial to establish the truth of and full political accountability for what has or has not been done.
The term “lame duck” is too passive to capture what is about to happen to Donald Trump. At home, Democrats are hoping to make a duck confit of his presidency. That is ominous news for America’s allies. Hobbled presidents tend to embrace the allure of the global stage. richard nixon pulled off some of his biggest foreign policy moves during the Watergate crisis. But mr trump is no Nixon. Nor is he served by a Henry Kissinger. There is not so much a Trump doctrine as a stock of Trumpian instincts. These were best captured by the phrase: “We’re America, bitch” from a senior white house official this year.
Broadcasting frustration about Chinese bureaucrats making arbitrary decisions and tilting the board towards domestic companies, so the conventional wisdom went, merely invited reprisals and threatened existing investments.
I’ll say one thing for co-chief executives: two scapegoats are better than one. Since Research in Motion’s fortunes took a sharp turn for the worse last year, its dual-leadership structure has taken a beating. With the BlackBerry-maker’s decision last week to revert to one chief executive, the double-edged knives really came out for Jim Balsillie and Mike Lazaridis.
On top of Wednesday's announcement of a record one-month fall in the us consumer price index, the rising risk of a damaging deflationary crunch also sparked a general sell-off in equities and pushed oil prices below $50 a barrel for the first time since 2005, amid signs of fracture in the Opec oil cartel.
Markets favour clarity and while clarity seems easy with hindsight, it’s rarely as stress-free when looking ahead.
The worst of Hong Kong's pollution can be traced to Foshan, a city of 6m about 150km northwest of Hong Kong. Known as the ceramics capital of south China, Foshan is often featured on regional air quality maps at the centre of the darkest circle of pollution. Its coal-burning kilns spew out huge quantities of sooty waste and chemical compounds such as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide.
Recognising the signposts that point to a dollar recovery are especially important. The turn in the euro/dollar bellwether currency pair will have little to do with valuations and more to do with signals on interest rates from the federal reserve and the european central Bank. Anything that shows the Fed no longer believes in the extreme downside risks to growth will lead to a swift reconsideration of medium-term interest rate trends. Past history shows that any resultant yield curve flattening would be a strong signal of a turn in euro/dollar.
Volkswagen played down reports this month that it was seeking to buy out local partner JAC Automotive. “We are in very successful co-operation with Chinese partners. There is no general intention for the VW group to overcome this co-operation,” said Stephan Wöllenstein, VW’s China head.
The arguments for buying have never been stronger. Gold is increasingly accepted as a currency and haven. Unlike other currencies, gold has no debt. central banks have switched from being net sellers to large buyers. During the first half of this year they purchased more gold than in the whole of 2010. Also, gold mining companies have drastically reduced their hedging programmes.
Separately yesterday, the labour department said that new claims for jobless benefits slipped lower last week, offering a ray of hope that stubbornly high unemployment levels are slowly easing.
“The system is working as a barrier to recruitment. It's saying: you might be able to get a top-flight education at a US university but you might not be able to get a top-flight job at a us company after you graduate.”
Standard Bank last night declined to comment.
Despite the restrictions, Chunfeng has never been busier. “Before this year, we handled about 10 cases a month,” says Mr Zhang, who turns 34 this year. “Now it's up to about 30.” The catalyst is China's new Labour Contract Law, which took effect in January after two years of intense debate.
So far this year 47 per cent are outperforming the broad Russell 1000 index. Although this still means that over half of US “large-cap” equity mutual funds are trailing the market, if sustained this would be one of the best beat rates in the post-crisis era. Moreover, 54 per cent are beating the blue-chip S&P 500 index.
global manufacturing is clearly on the rebound, with survey reports yesterday showing activity contracting at a significantly slower pace in the US and continental Europe, and UK industry back on a growth path.
has agreed to sell its entertainment businesses to walt disney
What I simply did not recognise was that Japan was on the edge of an existential crisis, as a cascading nuclear accident rapidly unfolded. For 48 hours from March 14, disaster seemed especially imminent. Officials in the prime minister’s office were gloomy if not desperate. Late on March 14 Masataka Shimizu, then president of Tepco, began telephoning officials and insinuating the company’s intentions to abandon the plant and evacuate workers – compelling the then prime minister, Naoto Kan, to intervene decisively: he stormed into Tepco headquarters and ordered senior managers not to abandon ship. He also implored that a “death squad” be formed to continue the battle and inject water into the reactor vessels.
Leading international business schools are wrestling with a challenge: women. Schools recognise that women are a big potential growth market, yet their efforts to attract more female students are making little headway.
With its long eyelashes, ginger hide and creamy milk, the Jersey cow is a picture-postcard breed that has been associated with its eponymous home for 250 years.
The figures suggest Chinese outbound activity has settled at a higher level than in previous years. Dealogic says that Chinese outbound M&amp A was $9.6bn in 2005 and $25.4bn in 2007.
What he leaves unmentioned is the role of fiscal policy in defusing bubbles, indeed in preventing their emergence in the first place.
Ken McCallum, MI5’s director-general, warned in October that the threat from hostile states was rising, and that while Chinese spies typically targeted commercially sensitive data and intellectual property, his agency had also detected attempts by Beijing to influence European politics.
At the start of this year, shortly after the US and other world powers reached an interim deal with Iran to negotiate further on its nuclear programme, The New Yorker magazine published a fascinating, discursive interview with Barack Obama. The us president floated the idea of a sort of competitive equilibrium in the Middle East to replace the sectarian struggle within Islam between Sunni and Shia, and the proxy wars across the region pursued by saudi arabia and Iran from each side of this schism.
On one hand the PBoC is lifting rates, on the other, it’s been engaged in the injection of a record amount of liquidity over the last year to prevent market rates from rising organically.
The regulator is investigating whether Google uses sensitive data, such as the race, health and political leanings of its users, to target ads. In his evidence, Johnny Ryan, chief policy officer of the niche web browser Brave, said he had discovered the secret web pages as he tried to monitor how his data were being traded on Google’s advertising exchange, the business formerly known as DoubleClick.
Goldman Sachs has inked a $5.1bn settlement with us authorities over mis-sold mortgage-backed securities, in a final agreement that sheds new light on banks’ behaviour in the run-up to the financial crisis.
More than 30 years ago Henry Kissinger, then us secretary of State, allegedly complained that he could not believe in Europe until it had a single telephone number to call. He should be happy today, says Germany’s popular Stern magazine. He just has to call “Madame Europa”, alias Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, in Berlin. It even printed her office telephone number.
However, Theresa May’s government has made vague noises about the need for a new industrial policy. In this context, a bid on this scale that captures a star in the tech firmament has implications that deserve wider debate. The deal raises questions about Britain’s corporate culture and governance. Arm is a unique asset in a somewhat threadbare UK tech landscape. The decision to sell raises questions about whether boards in general remain too focused on quick returns to shareholders, rather than developing Britain’s few world-class companies for the longer term.
“If Taiwan decided to consolidate its defence capabilities to prevent China from invading or from forcing it to negotiate unification at China’s terms, nuclear weapons might be an option,” said Andrew Yang, secretary-general of the Chinese Council of Advanced Policy Studies. “But we don’t even have a debate on whether Taiwan should consolidate its defence capabilities.”
Trends, on the other hand, tend to be slow, incremental and harder to grasp. But, as the historian Fernand Braudel argued, trends determine events. Here are three technological trends that I think will shape this decade.
Nato’s leading powers closed ranks against vladimir putin on Thursday as the US unveiled new sanctions against Moscow and joined France and Germany to back Britain’s accusations against the Kremlin for the poisoning of a former Russian spy on UK soil.
According to the 2006 revision of the UN's “World Population Prospects”, the human race “is in the midst of an unprecedented transformation brought about by the transition from a regime of high mortality and high fertility to one of low mortality and low fertility”.
India’s economy grew a brisk 8.8 per cent year-on-year in the June quarter – its fastest pace since early 2008 – highlighting the strength of the economy in spite of the impact of high inflation on consumer spending.
The former chairman of the federal reserve said: “I still believe there is a greater than 50 per cent probability of recession.” But he said “that probability has receded a little and I think the probability of a severe recession has come down markedly”.
Over the past four decades, Asia’s share of world gross domestic product has doubled to 30 per cent. Four generations of rapid growth have created a dynamism that should persist into the foreseeable future. Yet concerns remain. How solid are Asia’s economic foundations? What needs to be done to diminish the region’s continued vulnerability to external shocks?
More than these minor adjustments of culture, I was told almost daily by Japanese acquaintances that it was “difficult for westerners to understand Japan”. Though sometimes purely an interviewee's attempt at obfuscation, there did seem to be a genuinely held belief that – in matters of economic and family relations, and in the spheres of aesthetics, morality and seating arrangements – Japan was radically different. No one bangs the drum of Japanese uniqueness more than the Japanese themselves.i
There have been many reasons for oil prices to crash, from the massive drop in demand due to the coronavirus lockdown to the petro-politics of Russia and Saudi Arabia. But another reason was the level of speculation in oil markets.
Magnus Carlsen’s triumph over Viswanathan Anand on Sunday allowed the 23-year-old Norwegian to retain his crown as world chess champion.
As donald trump never tires of boasting, the us stock market is enjoying an extraordinary boom. Last year the S&P 500 recorded its first perfect calendar year of monthly total returns. But the bull run has failed to soothe one of the biggest and most intractable conundrums on Wall Street: the dearth of companies going public.
Wolfgang Schäuble, the eurozone’s most powerful advocate of fiscal rectitude, is to step down as Germany’s finance minister, in what amounts to a momentous changing-of-the-guard in European financial policymaking.
They discussed the timeliness and quality of responses to requests for information for malicious cyber activity in what us officials described as a candid conversation on ways to improve co-operation.
China’s economy grew at an annual rate of 6.9 per cent in the first quarter this year, its fastest in 18 months, according to official data. commodity prices recovered last year after a four-year slump, while chinese steel consumption rose after three years of declines following its 2013 peak.
The announcement also said yesterday it would cost China about Rmb1,080bnb（查自国家环保总局网站http://www.zhb.gov.cn/xcjy/zwhb/200609/t20060907_92529.htm）/b ($136bn, �06bn, &pound 72bn) to clean up the deteriorating environment, equal to about 7 per cent of gross domestic product that year.（注：此处原文为“如果在现有的治理技术水平下全部处理2004年点源排放到环境中的污染物，需要一次性直接投资约为10800亿元，占当年GDP的6.8%左右”，英文似有不妥，请斟酌）
RF: This is a historical cycle that ebbs and flows . . .
Dealmakers say they are trying to prepare companies for a more arduous path to regulatory approval. us policymakers have recently strengthened the government’s powers to scrutinise and block even small investments in sensitive technologies based on national security concerns. The UK is also considering expanding the government’s ability to intervene in transactions, while the EU is finalising a scheme to better protect domestic companies from Chinese buyers.
“China shouldn’t buy European bonds because the US can’t even pay their debt, so in the end, China will lose money,” the 30-year-old salesman says. “With so much money, wouldn’t it be nice if the government could do some real good things for the [Chinese] people?”
The Federal Reserve's surprise decision to allow Goldman and Morgan Stanley to turn into “bank holding companies”, abiding by the same rules as their main street rivals, is a rescue operation of historic proportions.
The Ministry of Commerce, which oversees the anti-monopoly laws, has not commented on the merger filing except for a recent oral acknowledgment that the deal had entered second-stage assessment.
The US still has a lengthy list of market access complaints, but Washington has acknowledged progress in government procurement and intellectual property rights.
In spite of the late fall, VW is now worth more than Daimler, BMW, General Motors, Ford, Fiat, PSA Peugeot Citro?n, Renault, Mitsubishi and Hyundai combined. VW has a market capitalisation of &#8364 94.5bn compared with Toyota's Y12,792bn (&#8364 92bn).
“What you have to do is to take the old regulatory system and extend it to the new institutions that have so far escaped the purview of the regulatory system that ought to be overseeing them,” he says.
International efforts to confront climate change and global food shortages were being undermined by widespread corruption in provision of ever-scarcer water resources, said a report launched at the united nations on the 25th June.
Such arguments cannot be dismissed out of hand. Beijing's overriding aim of ensuring enough urban jobs to occupy its millions of rural workers raises the likelihood of corners being cut. Meanwhile, entrenched communist bureaucracy facilitates corruption and opacity.
Cnooc, China’s largest offshore oil company, yesterday reported stronger-than-expected production growth for the third quarter, a relief for investors after a year of disappointing output.
A class-action lawsuit filed last week accuses Facebook, the world's fourth-largest website, and Zynga, the largest social gaming company, of illegally charging users millions of dollars by getting them to sign up for recurring payments without their knowledge.
“We know we will probably be arrested but we have to keep fighting,” said one of the monks.
Sixty years ago, a French economist described the Allais paradox, based on the discovery that most people treat very high probabilities quite differently from certainties. Not only do normal people think this way, but they are right to do so. There are no 99 per cent probabilities in the real world. Very high and very low probabilities are artifices of models, and the probability that any model perfectly describes the world is much less than one. Once you compound the probabilities delivered by the model with the unknown but large probability of model failure, the reassurance you crave disappears.
What is clear is that those women who do an MBA almost invariably think the experience is fantastic, says Jeanette Purcell, chief executive of the Association of MBAs in London. Research done by the association shows that women are particularly impressed with the new skills they learn, in areas such as finance.
My wife won't come to corporate events with me and I am beginning to fear this might damage my career. Recently she has turned down the opera with important clients and a buffet supper at my boss's house. She says she has more than enough to do with her own job and our four children. I understand, but my colleagues and work contacts seem to think that either my wife is unpresentable or my marriage is in trouble – neither of which is true. What should I do?
It is hard to imagine the bearded Ben Bernanke being picked to play Goldilocks. But the chairman of the federal reserve has been cast in the role by a stock market stuck in a fairy tale where the bears are forced to eat cold porridge.
The stresses were also indicated with the cost of insuring european governments against default rising to record levels on the Markit iTraxx SovX western europe index.
MBK Partners, the Seoul-based private equity firm, has joined the ranks of those interested in acquiring a significant stake in the flagship telecommunications assets controlled by Richard Li, the hong kong tycoon.
global economic growth must slow to curb inflationary pressure around the world, the influential central bankers’ bank has warned, saying that there was little or no slack left for rapid non-inflationary expansion.
As in the first debate last month, mr mccain made more jabs but failed to land a decisive blow. This was particularly disappointing for the Republican because the format – a town hall-style question and answer session with voters – provided his best chance of a breakthrough.
Mr Polegato was speaking as european union member-states wrestle with the question of whether to impose anti-dumping measures on imports of shoes from China and Vietnam. The european commission has informally proposed that an annual 235m pairs of shoes from China and Vietnam should be allowed to enter the EU at normal tariffs, while higher duties would be placed on imports above that level.
Sudakshina Unnikrishnan, an agricultural commodities analyst at Barclays Capital in London, said the notion that financial speculators were behind the increase in food prices was wrong.
A score of big private equity funds are actively searching for renewable and clean technology opportunities in Asia, according to the New Energy Finance newsletter. Elsewhere, the Asia-Pacific Carbon Fund, backed by the asian development bank closed at over $150m this summer.
Both the UK and US governments face pressure not merely to bail out these banks, which they have already attempted, but to nationalise them. This episode of nerves broke out after investors were told by royal bank of Scotland on Monday that it faces a &pound 28bn (&#8364 30bn, $40bn) loss for 2008.
What do oil reserves, aircraft leasing and electric cars have in common?
Still, longtime investors in India such as Sir Bill Gammell, the Edinburgh-based chairman of Cairn India, the oil exploration and production group, are philosophical about the country's challenges. Sir Bill this month opened work on an oil pipeline connecting Cairn's main field in Rajasthan with refineries on the coast after a year of bureaucratic delays.
This has left banks in danger of “running out of collateral” for secured funding and so more reliant on unsecured funding at the very moment that the fear surrounding further bank collapses led money market funds to abandon lending into that market.
Officials in Tokyo said Japan’s unilateral measures should be distinguished from its efforts, asb current security council chair/b, to build an international consensus on appropriate global sanctions against North Korea.
Many commentators still argue that this will be a very mild recession. So it is quite possible that stocks have not yet discounted the worst of what is to come. But generally stock markets do seem to start their recoveries fairly early in a recession.
The Democrats had no choice but to bring things to this pass, even if, as seems almost certain, the Republican Senate acquits him in the upcoming trial. In fact, if impeachment backfires, and the president rides an incensed Republican base all the way to re-election in November, it would still have been worse to let the Ukraine scandal blow over for the sake of politics. More likely, though, the whole process will have had no vast electoral impact either way. Such is American partisanship, so many minds were already made up.
“Irrespective of whether you want money, you should have control of the company for the sake of the mission,” he says. “No matter how desperate you are for money, never take it from someone whose mission is not aligned with your own.”b/b
The Geneva-based agency's annual World Investment Report showed that inflows of foreign direct investment (FDI) amounted to $1,306bn in 2006 – the highest since 2000. “Unctad expects the FDI figures to be even higher in 2007 than in 2006,” said Supachai Panitchpakdi, secretary-general of the agency.
The prime minister has lost her majority and authority. As the former chancellor george osborne noted, she is a “dead woman walking”. mrs may now relies on the cantankerous Democratic Unionist party. She has also already wasted an eighth of the time available after triggering Article 50 of the EU treaty. She will find it virtually impossible to agree and then legislate the necessary compromises with the EU in time, if at all. Foremost among those compromises will be payment of large amounts of money and agreement to grandfather existing rights of EU citizens in the UK. Yet, quite apart from taking up time, another election might fail to resolve anything. It might be another hung parliament. The UK is in a spectacular mess.
The writer is president of Germany. King Abdullah II of Jordan and presidents Halimah Yacob of Singapore, Sahle-Work Zewde of Ethiopia and Lenín Moreno Garcés of Ecuador co-wrote this article
Trade has risen more than tenfold in a decade to $55bn. chinese demand for energy and mineral resources to fuel its booming domestic economic has driven up commodity prices on world markets, contributing to the longest period of sustained growth in Africa since the 1970s.
“The bloom has come off the rose a bit in terms of real estate valuations,” says Jon Zehner, global head of client capital group at LaSalle Investment Management, one of the world’s largest real estate fund managers. “The prime market in gateway cities needed to stabilise — it was getting too hot. This could be an appropriate correction. A period of more stable values and maybe a little less passion in the market is what we’re envisioning for the year.”
India is the largest producer of hydroxychloroquine, a drug that mr trump has described as a “game changer” in the hunt for a Covid-19 treatment, even though experts within his own administration have warned that its efficacy is unproven and it is potentially dangerous. The country relies on raw materials from China to produce the finished drug.
The issue, which values the secretive, Switzerland-based company at $35bn, has been taken up by First Reserve, the US-based private equity group which focuses on natural resources, GIC, Singapore's sovereign wealth fund  US-based BlackRock  and Zijin Mining Group, the Chinese miner.
mr li owns 75 per cent of Singapore-listed Pacific Century Regional Developments, whose main asset is a 23 per cent controlling stake in PCCW, the hong kong telecoms company.
They found raised levels of IgE expression in cord blood among babies whose mothers experienced higher level stress even when exposed to fairly low levels of dust mite during pregnancy.
launched a ballistic missile that flew over Japan early yesterday morning.
One of Europe’s few bright spots is manufacturing, where sentiment continues to improve, partly off the back of exports growth. Bert Colijn at ING said that in the eurozone “Chinese demand for export goods has been an important factor in the recovery of new orders for manufacturing”.div class="pic"img src="https://thumbor.ftacademy.cn/unsafe/700x0/https://d6c748xw2pzm8.cloudfront.net/prod/bc8403a0-1e74-11eb-a816-075b69520864-standard.png"
Sometimes the Jonny Wilkinson talk was about an internal squabble. More often it was about a personal or family problem, of which there was a huge variety.
Naandi is one example of the increasingly common intersection of philanthropy and social entrepreneurship in India and south Asia. The foundation strives to run a social services organisation with the same rigour and accountability as a successful corporation. Dr K. Anji Reddy, founder of Dr Reddy*s Laboratories, one of India*s biggest pharmaceutical companies, is chairman of Naandi*s board. Other board members include K.S. Raju, founder of IT outsourcing company Satyam, and Anand Mahindra, vice-chairman of Mahindra, the automotive conglomerate.
In 2006, north korea fired a three-stage Taeponong-2, which has the technical range to reach the continental US, but the rocket failed shortly into flight. While Pyongyang insists the pending launch is a satellite, some experts believe they simply want to test the ICBM.
Exhibit A, until recently, was the commodity sector. State-owned companies bought up mines and oil reserves at the peak of the market, and have now lost their shirts. The theory of the purchases was that China, a commodity importer, should protect itself from rising global prices. But these same prices reflected the country’s unsustainable expansion. Far from hedging prudently, it was taking a leveraged bet on its own growth.
“If Europe cannot act together to persuade a significant majority of its citizens that it can gain control of its migratory crisis then the EU will find itself at the mercy of a populist uprising, which is already stirring,” he added.
chinese companies have begun developing the Chunxiao gas field, which straddles the median line, prompting complaints from Tokyo that they are siphoning off Japanese gas. But tensions could be eased if mr wen and mr abe could agree a form of joint exploration or a moratorium on new development.
The board of France’s PSA, owner of Peugeot, has given chief executive Carlos Tavares approval to launch a full-scale merger with Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, which would create one of the world’s largest carmakers.
In the 1970s, Mogens Glistrup, a prominent Danish politician, became famous for suggesting that his country replace its armed forces with a recorded message saying “we surrender” in Russian.
It now expects the developing world’s output to expand by just 4.5 per cent this year. That’s 0.5 percentage points lower than its July forecast, and down from the 6 per cent growth predicted in April 2012.
China’s state reserves of corn, wheat, rice and other agricultural commodities have climbed to high levels thanks to a policy that set state purchasing prices well above market prices in China or overseas. The huge size of the reserves, estimated at 250m tonnes for corn alone, now threatens to swamp markets if sold or run the risk of spoiling from prolonged storage.
The alert is the most explicit in a series of warnings put into marketing material by “feeder” funds that put almost all their cash with Madoff, and highlights how he was allegedly able to pull off what could be the biggest financial fraud ever.
Putative chinese investments abroad sometimes face a reaction of knee-jerk nationalism. The west should instead assess them with pragmatism. This is especially true for countries that rely on chinese money to fund their external deficits. Companies accepting Chinese equity stakes are surely no greater cause for worry than governments depending on Chinese credit lines.
The volume of equities and derivatives traded on global exchanges declined sharply in August as hedge funds and investment banks scaled back operations, raising concerns that reduced market liquidity might be exacerbating price swings.
Once this might have quickened the hearts of the factory’s workers. But today, it is no more than a surrealistic touch, lending ambience to Chongqing’s latest hipster-industrial art space, alongside statues of a giant teapot and dripping tap.
Landlords have also fallen victim to the slowdown as rental operators delay rental payments or request lease cancellations. The problem is so widespread that dozens of social media groups, each with hundreds of disgruntled landlords from across the country, have emerged in recent weeks.
A cheap, electronic floor mat for dancing games does not sound like inspiration for a successful career in hedge fund management, but for Zhao Danyang it was a foundation stone.
Elected on a ticket of populism at home and nationalism overseas, President-elect Palin starts to take congratulatory phone calls from foreign leaders. First on the line is Avigdor Lieberman, the prime minister of Israel  then comes president vladimir putin of Russia. Five different leaders claiming to speak in the name of the european union try to place calls – but they brare all put on hold. As for the Chinese leadership, the new president is not speaking to them. How could she, after she has campaigned against the “communist currency manipulators of Beijing”?
He also said a drop in equity trading could hit Goldman because of the firm’s heavy reliance on proprietary trading.
The most obvious tool for reducing incentives for exporters, and also helping relieve inflationary pressures, is allowing a faster appreciation of the currency, the renminbi. But currency policy has not budged from the slow-and-steady course set two years ago, when the peg with the us dollar was broken.
"I was renowned as the under-bidder for another Gillray in the same sale, which went for approximately &pound 12,500. Gillray, the father figure of the modern political cartoon, produced 'Plum Pudding in Danger' in 1805 - arguably the most famous political caricature of all time. It depicts Napoleon and Nelson dividing up Europe - represented by the pudding - and attracted the highest price ever paid for a Gillray."
The next leg is likely to see a spillover into areas of the market and the economy that historically respond to shifts in consumer spending. In real terms, consumer spending has risen for an unprecedented 63 consecutive quarters, far surpassing the 1980s boom. This amazing development attests to the powerful effects of easier monetary policy, fiscal largesse, booming home prices and widespread credit availability.
Spirits makers have been touting growth in China in particular and Asia in general as western European sales stutter.
The most obvious threat is a crisis in the most important political and economic relationship in the world – that between the US and China. The Bush administration, despite its bellicose reputation, has been assiduous in avoiding confrontation with China  and the Chinese similarly have no desire for a clash with America – at least, not now. Globalisation has created a web of mutual interests. The real risk in Chinese-American relations is of miscalculation: a clash – whether over trade or Tibet or Taiwan – that escalates into something that does real damage. Combine a looming recession in America, a presidential election and the beijing olympics and you have a formula for potential trouble.
There have, of course, been setbacks on the road to common sense. Jim Rogers, who founded the Quantum fund with George Soros, continues to question the wisdom of long-term investment in Japan because “there will be no Japanese” if the current low birth-rate is maintained – a very big “if”. international monetary fund economists and indian government ministers persist in using the awful phrase “demographic dividend” to describe the alleged economic benefits of hundreds of millions of young people entering the workforce, even though these people are just as likely to be a social and fiscal burden in increasingly capital-intensive economies such as India.
Hyundai Motor is drawing up plans for the world’s most expensive electric vehicles recall to replace batteries following a string of electrical fires, according to people familiar with the situation.
And yet alongside Prof Shiller’s Dr Jekyll can be found his Mr Hyde. This alter ego believes that many economic problems would be solved by creating new speculative markets. He favours tax breaks for market makers who create still more exotic financial instruments.
I was reminded of this fine tradition last week by the story of Bernie Madoff (pronounced Made-off). If one's occupation involves making off with $50bn of investors' money, then it is quite proper that one's name should reflect that.
Charles Chao, chief executive, promises that Weibo (meaning microblog) can make revenues by the second quarter. But those sales are to be led by advertising to computer users, even though he admits that there are more mobile users.
This week’s us debt deal, along with the prospect of debate on fiscal solutions in the run-up to the 2012 elections, provides some room for optimism. But America’s fiscal problems have deep roots. The recession of 2007-09 stemmed from the unprecedented bust in the housing market, driven by reduced lending standards and propelled by congressional pressures on private lenders and the reckless expansions of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It is, however, important to recognise that this mistake is now understood and will not be repeated.
For UK retailers, bookmakers and pubs, not having a single home nation in such a big football tournament next summer could be painful.
The measures targeted by the US and Mexico include tax refunds, reductions and exemptions that allegedly subsidise exports and discriminate against imports in a wide range of industries.
“It is time to make our power, influence and resources felt,” David Cameron, the British prime minister, told his parliament. “Russia cannot expect to continue enjoying access to European markets, European capital, European knowledge and technical expertise while she fuels conflict in one of Europe’s neighbours.”
The housing market is another potential time-bomb. Until recently, most of the housing experts were content to predict a 25-30 per cent fall in US prices – peak to trough. Such a fall would bring prices back in line with the long-term trend. But this was before an expected mild downturn turned into a big recession, and credit froze up.
“For example, if we feel that Brazilian real estate is underleveraged and this may translate into good returns, we can set up a Brazilian property fund.
Relief swept through European financial markets yesterday after centrist emmanuel macron made it into the run-off for the French presidency, sending the euro to its highest level against the dollar in five months and shares in French banks soaring.
When I read last week about Stephen Hester's &pound 9.6m ($15.8m) pay packet, I felt a sting of moral outrage. That the chief executive of royal bank of Scotland should be earning quite so much struck me as the most grotesquely excessive executive pay deal there has ever been.
“Asus is showing that a new model is developing, the Eee is a very nice device and it's sold 300,000 units in its first two months,” says Stephen Dukker, who as chief executive of eMachines in the 1990s helped drive down the price of desktop PCs from an average of about $700 to $400. EMachines sold 2m of its bare-bones machines in its first year but this entry-level price has barely been lowered by others in the intervening years.
Yet to me the office is entirely satisfactory as it has each of the four things I mind about most. There are interesting people to talk to  a desk of my own that I can keep as tidy or messy as I like  a location easy to get to on a bicycle and a man on the door who says “hello, Lucy” every time I go in.
In recent weeks the world has seen a glimpse of the modern fenqing - patriotic, xenophobic, nationalistic and, in some cases, violent in their defence of the motherland. This latest incarnation has partly emerged as the result of government policies implemented in reaction to the events of 1989, after which "patriotic" indoc-trination became an even more important element of the education system.
The future of the Maglev extension was thrown into doubt this month when the Xinhua news agency, following protests by local residents, reported that the project had been suspended because of health risks.
Until recently, both banking and politics tended to be something of a niche interest in the economics profession. This isn’t quite as insane as it might seem: if you want to analyse a complex world, you’re going to have to make some simplifying assumptions. For a generation or more, in rich countries, both banks and politicians have seemed complicated and not terribly important, so many economists have ignored them.
Vodafone's hopes of taking over Hutchison Essar could be complicated by a dispute over pre-emption rights between Hong Kong's Hutchison and India's Essar, which own the mobile phone joint venture.
China’s banking regulator has ordered banks to boost lending to infrastructure projects and exporters as Beijing seeks to counter mounting concerns about the intensifying trade war between the world’s two biggest economies.
bottled water is a booming business, worth &pound 25bn globally. It has long been important in mainland Europe, where strongbless reliable mains water supplies/b/strong and the presence of volcanic sources have created a steady demand for mineral waters, as well as spring waters
Sarah Sanders, White House press secretary, said Mr Acosta’s credentials had been revoked “until further notice” after the journalist refused to hand over the microphone during a press conference following the midterm elections.
LVMH makes pricey perfume. Ineos’s chemicals go into car components. Diageo distils vodka. Now they are all in the distinctly less glamorous — and less profitable — business of making hand sanitiser.
The younger brothers also issued a separate memo to the board saying “the medical condition of Walter Kwok was no longer relevant”, Walter claimed to the court. Instead, they said Walter should now be stripped of his title because of his recent behaviour, without being more specific.
That followed a 12.5 per cent jump in the first quarter as Moutai, the country’s most expensive firewater — and the spirit favoured by former chinese leader mao zedong — defied a coronavirus-driven industry downturn thanks to its popularity among China's wealthy population.
No matter that the federal reserve and chairman ben bernanke explicitly and repeatedly linked any future slowdown in its monthly $85bn of bond purchases to a substantial improvement for the economy, Treasury investors heard only one thing: the interest rate cycle is turning, it’s time to sell bonds.
Although us officials insisted nothing had changed in the overall approach towards North Korea, director of national intelligence James Clapper said that the best the US could hope to achieve was a cap on the country’s nuclear capabilities.
Shanghai Chaori Solar said on Tuesday that it would not be able to pay investors the Rmb89.8m ($14.6m) interest payment owed on money it borrowed two years ago, raising the prospect of China’s first true corporate bond default.
Until this year, when threats have emerged and multiplied. They range from trade tension between Washington and Beijing, rising us interest rates and the risk of tougher regulation in both the US and China.
The Man Who Knew, by Sebastian Mallaby, is the 12th winner of the £30,000 award, which goes to the “most compelling and enjoyable” title of the year.
A similar approach is apparent at a large plant in Scunthorpe, northern England, run by Corus – the Anglo-Dutch steelmaker subject to an agreed &pound 5.1bn takeover deal by India's Tata Steel (though a rival, CSN of Brazil, may yet put in a higher offer). One reason Tata wants to buy Corus is to gain expertise in making steel in small batches geared to customers' needs.
While paying homage to JFK confirms the image of “Sarkozy the American”, the suits worn by Ms Bruni-Sarkozy also deftly maintain a connection to a French past. Just like the previous president's wife, Bernadette Chirac, she has worn strongbChristian Dior/strong throughout her visit, using it almost as a state uniform. Even beyond its symbolism of a French couture tradition, the display of Dior does no harm to Sarkozys' friends in big business: Bernard Arnault, chairman of Dior, is the richest man in France  and Nicolas Bazire, chief executive of his holding company, Groupe Arnault, was a witness at the Sarkozy-Bruni wedding.
For example, John Hennessy, chairman of Alphabet, says that Google’s Tensor processing unit, a hardware chip designed for machine learning, can conduct 92tn operations a second, about 100 times the throughput of a general purpose processor. “That is the way we are going to make advances at a time when Moore’s law will not deliver as easily as it has in the past,” he told the Zeitgeist Minds conference last month.
Similarly, when the conservative era started, foreign military engagements were out of fashion in the west. But Britain's Falklands war and the American invasion of Grenada began to change this. During the 1990s, a series of successful military interventions – the first Gulf war, Bosnia, Kosovo, Sierra Leone – made Anglo-American political leaders much more relaxed about the use of military force. Too relaxed. The horrors that have followed the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan will mean that the intellectual pendulum will now swing in the opposite direction.
Yet while the awareness of the challenges facing the US on artificial intelligence has reached the upper ranks of the American government, it is far from clear that Donald Trump’s administration is embarking on the right policy path to match the stakes. “The US still retains a lead in some areas, but that lead is diminishing over time, and more than that, it is clear that China is accelerating its investments in AI while the US has no concrete plan on how it is going to handle this,” says Daniel Castro, vice-president of the information technology and Innovation Foundation in Washington.
The couple were in a taxi when the driver lost control, crashed into a guard rail and hit another car on Saturday afternoon, police said.
The new thinking reflects broader changes in manufacturing. In the past 20 years, it has become far more common to find “hybrid” businesses or “servi-manufacturers” that offer customers a more profitable combination of products and services.
For the past two decades, as China’s manufacturing and its export machine prospered, it made sense for HSBC to think the mainland would contribute to an ever rising share of its profits. No bank was in a better position to mediate those flows and finance that trade.
Last August, the SEC alleged that Pfizer subsidiaries in China, central asia and Europe made “improper payments to foreign officials”.
Officials from the us securities and exchange commission and public company Accounting Oversight Board plan to meet counterparts in Beijing to negotiate a deal.
Within 48 hours she was on a plane back to her family in Greece after the campus on Exhibition Road in London’s museum district was closed, and every tutorial, seminar and class was put online. She does not expect to return.
The proposed stake sale, which still has to be approved by the legislature, would provide some relief to Taipei's increasingly stretched finances. The government was facing one of its biggest budget deficits in recent years even before typhoon Morakot devastated the island's southern region this month.
“It’s an environment where there is a big gap between the players who are getting the margins and those that are barely surviving,” says Kenny Lam, a partner at McKinsey who specialises in private banking.
Gargantuan strides in computing power have revolutionised virtually every facet of modern life, and financial markets are no exception. The most successful hedge funds on the planet are now scooping up computer scientists, not economists and investment bankers with MBAs. Even staid mutual funds stuffed with the savings of baby-boomers and petrostates now eagerly harness the “quantitative” techniques enabled by modern computing and complex mathematical models.
We went through this 10 years ago when I set up as a non-executive, and my wife and I were driving each other mad. If you can afford it, buy a small house as an office. Pack your husband off to the pub twice a week for some external contact. Get him to cook dinner sometimes. Get yourself a job. If you don't do something yours is a divorce waiting to happen.
The new banks will be set up in the cities of Shanghai and Tianjin and in the provinces of Guangdong and Zhejiang, Shang Fulin, the chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, said at a briefing with journalists on Tuesday.
Today, it is too late – at least for the time being. The cost of capital is going up and most investors are in risk-averse mode.
Germany wants to create permanent seats for China and other emerging economies at summits of the Group of Eight, Berlin's envoy to the club of leading industrial nations told the financial times yesterday.
This is the deal Sir Richard Branson is extending to his private staff, and almost everyone has judged it very lovely indeed. Last week, he wrote a blog post extolling his own smart move and in the comments below he was deemed to be showing the way to a better future. Sir Richard isn’t the first to introduce this policy – for years Netflix has been declining to monitor how much time its people take off – but he is the first to see how much good publicity can come from it.
Visiting is always a treat, but Christmas is the very best time to go. From Tuesday until early January the Geffrye's rooms will have a festive air, as the staff put up accurate period decorations and display the Christmas food of the time.
Noting that the economic situation is “distinctly less favourable” than when he spoke to the committee last July, mr bernanke said the us central bank believes the country is experiencing a broad-based slowdown.
Less well known, however, is the fact that almost every Chinese borrower that has tapped the international markets for funds has done so through a circuitous route that exposes investors to considerable risk.
The partnership, a key element of GE Money’s aggressive expansion into Asia’s fast-growing retail banking markets, could be announced as early as this week. It would mark GE Money’s first significant foray into the chinese consumer finance market, where less than 5 per cent of the population have credit cards.
Ms Veil survived Auschwitz. Mr Kohl could be insensitive to the Nazis’ victims, pressing us president ronald reagan to visit a cemetery where SS members were buried. But he strove to ensure Germany’s peaceful future in Europe and its reconciliation with old enemies. He helped reshape a continent.
president donald Trump’s decision to go ahead with a campaign promise to recognise Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, and eventually to move the us embassy there, is an act of diplomatic vandalism. It is the more curious for the likelihood that no one will benefit from it, or at least no one interested in peace — not even mr trump himself.
At 25 the second-year graduate student at Beijing Sports University is worried about his future, but he believes the communist party is taking China in the right direction. &ldquo Our generation thinks that ours is a government which helps us raise our heads and grow up,&rdquo  he says.
While the level of sophistication in search marketing has been going up, the cost of entry has also been rising – and not just because of the higher costs for the technology and outside professional help needed to manage online campaigns. Pricing of keywords has also risen steadily as more advertisers have been drawn into the market. “The opportunities for finding bargains in high-volume keywords has pretty much ended,” says Mr Stevenson.
That represents the conventional wisdom, as well as historical experience. Oil was cheap throughout America’s halcyon years of the 1950s and 1960s  the oil shocks of the 1970s came alongside serious economic pain. The boom of the 1990s was usually credited to the world wide web but oil prices were very low and they soared to record levels in the run-up to the great recession. We can debate how important the oil price fluctuations were but the link between good times and cheap oil is not a coincidence.
The City of London has raised concerns over David Cameron’s strategy in Europe, warning that the British prime minister’s wishlist of “safeguards” in December could have damaged its standing as Europe’s financial centre.
Australia even stopped a domestic drugmaker from exporting doses to the US until it had immunised its entire population, while the obama administration delayed a promise to donate vaccines to poorer countries in order to prioritise distribution in the US.
“This could be worse than when the dotcom bubble burst,” they say.
Vietnam has topped a performance index for greenfield foreign direct investment, leading all other emerging markets by a wide margin.
Under Ms Vestager, the EU has become the most unbending enforcer of antitrust law against powerful us technology companies. It took a further step by fining Google’s parent Alphabet a record sum and insisting that the company undoes licensing deals that reinforce its search engine and Chrome browser on mobile devices. If Google does not comply fully, more is to come.
Up to 15,000 public sector jobs are at risk in the four-year savings programme, while the largest part of the cuts will fall on welfare payments and benefits for the long-term unemployed.
The offshore units of state-controlled Bank of Communications and Industrial and commercial bank of China, as well as Singapore-based asset manager Farallon Capital, became new investors in the company.
Hu Jintao, China's president, stole the limelight at the gathering of pacific rim leaders in Sydney yesterday, upstaging George Bush with a flurry of political and trade initiatives designed to woo regional powers.
For decades, iron ore was plentiful, prices were stable and mining the commodity was a monotonous and unglamorous business.
Countries starting from tiny bases naturally fare better: tiny Bhutan has doubled four times since 1980s, with the Maldives not far behind.
But there is a case that Chinese financials offer the margin of safety required by value investors. Take Bank of China. It has kept churning out a return on equity of 18 per cent through the economic slowdown of the last three years, is adequately capitalised and trades at 0.87 times book value (and 5.2 times trailing earnings). It is manifestly too big to fail, so some government aid would arrive if worst comes to worst.
The dialogue has been carefully choreographed by Mr Paulson, who has a close personal relationship with the Chinese leadership, formed when he was head of Goldman Sachs, the investment bank.
The survey found a good work-life balance was much more important among white job-hunters. Fifty- eight per cent of white respondents said achieving a balance was important, compared with 40 per cent of black students.
Rilwanu Lukman, chairman of Nigeria's oil and gas reform committee, said in his first public remarks since taking the job in August that the country might have to revisit some of the “generous terms” granted to western oil majors.
Frances Cheung, head of macro strategy for Asia at lender Westpac, said the issuance suggested Beijing believed restrictions on access to dollar funding were “very unlikely to become a policy option” for Washington.
Daniel Zhang is to replace Jack Ma as chairman of Alibaba in one year’s time, adding the role to his existing job as chief executive of the chinese tech group.
Anbang’s chairman, Wu Xiaohui, was detained in June and the company’s life insurance unit was banned in May from selling new products for three months.
Liu He, China’s vice-premier, was preparing to meet Robert Lighthizer, the us trade representative, and Steven Mnuchin, the us treasury secretary, for a potentially climactic negotiation session starting Wednesday in Washington. The talks are the latest in a series of meetings over the past four months.
In a case that has drawn comparisons to the 2004 Tom Hanks film The Terminal, Mr Feng has been haunting the halls of Japan's Narita airport since being turned away from his own country by Shanghai police on November 4.
The official government purchasing managers’ index for July, published on Thursday, rose to 50.3 from 50.1 in June, suggesting that conditions had improved marginally in the manufacturing sector. However, the HSBC PMI fell to its lowest level in 11 months, dropping to 47.7 in July from 48.2 the previous month.
Terrorism is frightening: indeed, its aim is to ignite fear. But surrendering to fear is to give terrorists what they want: the sundering of our open societies and the division of the world into believers and “crusader” enemies. We have no reason to give them this victory and must not do so.
France’s television regulator warned broadcasters to exercise greater caution in showing images of people facing criminal procedures, after public criticism over photographs of the international monetary fund boss being led away to face charges of attempted rape in New York.
As a result, says Ms Wilson, Japan has initiated unofficial “side-door mechanisms” for channelling mainly Asian unskilled workers into Japanese industry. These include a programme that allows foreigners to work in designated “special activities” for a maximum three years. Of the 75,000 admitted each year, many end up overstaying their visas and drifting into other jobs, augmenting the pool of unofficial cheap labour. “The trainee schemes that Japan has are essentially a cover for employing cheap workers,” says Mr Kingston.
Kevin Rudd, Australia's recently elected prime minister, is watching his country being pulled in several directions at once. A natural resource and investment boom are dragging its febrile economy towards China, while climate change and water shortages are threatening its longer-term future. It is an interesting time for a Sinophilic internationalist to take control.
If you phoned the CEO, you might fare a little better. But if you really, really wanted to make them pay attention, how about sending a handwritten letter?/b
In the past, underwriters' final call to discuss pricing was not to the issuer but to the china securities regulatory Commission. Almost all stocks debuted on a multiple of about 20 times forward earnings, regardless of actual demand. That caused absurdities such as PetroChina's IPO in November 2007, when underwriters received Rmb400bn ($50bn) of orders for a $9bn offering. Safe in the knowledge that shares would zoom on launch &ndash  PetroChina rose almost 200 per cent on its first day &ndash  investors simply sold old holdings to load up on new ones or borrowed cash to fill their boots with stock.
The first fund was set up with contributions from 40 BCG partners (although no direct relationship exists).
senior executives at Nissan have accelerated secret contingency planning for a potential split from Renault as the downfall of Carlos Ghosn continues to reverberate through the 20-year-old automotive alliance.
But China’s domestic market, in which most of its green bonds are issued, is still far from meeting such standards, meaning that most of the world’s largest and fastest-growing green bond market is off-limits to foreign investors.
Ryan Kneal at London bookmaker BetsForTraders.com said: “The fear is that we could potentially have another Lehman on our hands and traders are getting out before there is nothing left to get out of.”
No, liberty is not their strong point. But they had the resources and the will to produce what Jacques Rogge, the IOC president, rightly called “truly exceptional” games. The athletes know that they have had what, for many of them, will have been the time of their lives. Most did not win  many, perhaps most, will never have this chance again. But they will always have Beijing, they will always be Olympians.
France and the US both regard themselves as exceptional nations. But their history has often followed a similar pattern. The American revolution of 1775-83 was swiftly followed by the French revolution of 1789 — leading some historians to talk of the late 18th century as the period of the “Atlantic revolutions”.
Again, however, there are warning signs. The rate of increase in urban incomes has dropped sharply this year. Sales of cars have fallen in the past month by 6 per cent and airline travel has been sharply lower this summer (although the beijing olympics might be the main cause). Gome, the country's biggest electronics retailer, said that sales per square metre in its shops fell by 3 per cent in the second quarter. The crash in the stock market has also sapped consumer confidence. If growth in China does slump, the biggest casualties will be commodity producing countries from the Middle East to Latin America. Copper prices, for example, have fallen 23 per cent in the past two months, partly on fears over Chinese consumption of the metal, which has fallen by more than half this year. With domestic construction slowing, China has over the past month started exporting more steel as local producers look to offload products overseas.
Investors dumped emerging market assets more or less indiscriminately in May and June. But now there is tentative evidence that at least some are becoming more discriminating.
Marrying content and distribution can make sense in mature or highly competitive distribution channels. Apple locks in users by providing ever more software and apps. Television networks, too, ensure viewers do not defect to rivals by offering exclusive content. But China’s cinema industry is far from mature. Box-office revenues have been growing at double digits annually  the market may overtake the US next year. The ratio of screens to population is less than one-fifth that of the US, according to HSBC.
Asia is a region associated with high growth, but as increasingly mature asian companies pay out more in dividends, investors are turning towards the region’s income-focused funds.
Though the strategy has lined pockets in Ganzhou for years, it is now being tested by a precipitous drop in prices for rare earths, 17 elements used in electronics and lighting.
No incentive without disincentive. And never trust with your money anyone making a potential bonus. i
“Un homme?” the cab driver suggested helpfully.
Still, the Savile Row dandy theme was best captured by Tomas Maier, the designer of Bottega Veneta, who opened his show with a bowler-hatted model in the new strict-yet-soft silhouette.
The fourth similarity strikes me, however, as just as significant: both Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities and the Stanford Financial Group, SIB's parent, bear the names of their proprietors. That matters because it signifies something else – the degree to which both were dominated by one person. When a single figure not only controls a financial institution but embodies it, investors should be wary.
Real Madrid's IP-based infrastructure is much more than a glorified telephone network. The characteristic that sets it apart from similar IP-based corporate networks is that it has been optimised for real-time video.
European policymakers on Tuesday blamed the turmoil in global equity markets on us economic and fiscal policy and said Europe's economy was resilient enough to emerge more or less unscathed.
After an almost 4 per cent rally in December, the Australian dollar stumbled last week to its weakest point in almost a decade. The currencies of Thailand and Singapore have also swooned after the central banks there flagged risks to their economies from disrupted supply chains and weakened Chinese tourism.
Xi’s museum visit made two dynamics clear: history sits at the heart of Chinese politics today, and its leaders believe there is one acceptable narrative, a story of overcoming foreign domination and re-emerging strong. Robert Bickers illustrates both dynamics in Out of China: How the Chinese Ended the Era of Western Domination, a beautifully written history of China’s 20th-century interactions with the outside world. But instead of the narrow, legitimacy-enhancing story peddled by the chinese communist party, Bickers tells a far more complex tale of the forces of attraction, rejection and interdependence that have consistently defined China’s varied dealings with the world.
The comments from Liu Mingkang, chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, contrasted with the bullish outlook presented by most state banks in their interim reports in recent weeks.
Separately, the state administration for Market Regulation, China’s competition watchdog, published new draft rules last week designed to curb the power of tech groups. The move immediately hit the shares of China’s biggest growth stocks such as Alibaba, Tencent and food delivery giant Meituan.
On Tuesday about 10,000 people marched to the British embassy in the Thai capital to press for the return of Mr Thaksin to face fraud charges. Last week a Thai judge issued arrest warrants for Mr Thaksin and his wife after they failed to appear in court and instead flew to the UK after attending the Beijing Olympic Games.
Compared with Piketty in Capital in the Twenty-First Century (2014), Milanovic focuses more on global than on national inequality, and also more on income than on wealth. His canvas is broader than that of Atkinson in In­equality: What Can Be Done? (2015), which concentrates on the UK and goes deeper into policy. The book closest to Global Inequality is Bourguignon’s The Globalisation of Inequality (2015) — unsurprisingly, perhaps, given that the two authors were colleagues at the World Bank. Yet Milanovic’s approach is both more historical and more political.
And while European schools are stepping up their academic research output, US schools are moving more towards their European counterparts in teaching methods, including more teamwork and overseas projects. Big name schools such as Stanford, Columbia and Yale have all recently redrawn their curriculum to incorporate these pro-active elements.
Bristol-Myers Squibb has tightened rules on the way its sales representatives work with doctors in China after a $14m settlement over bribery allegations.
The announcement by the Republican and Democratic co-chairs of the panel came after the close of trading on US markets, prompting disappointed reactions from across the political spectrum and business.
The revelations — including claims that HSBC’s Swiss unit handed large, untraceable bricks of cash in foreign currencies to clients and colluded with them to conceal “black” accounts from tax authorities — have provoked a
To understand why that vehicle killed a pedestrian as she crossed the street with her bicycle and why such accidents may be hard to avoid in the future, think about my drive to buy groceries in a middle-sized British city. I have to navigate narrow streets, past dozens of parked cars. It is a complicated process: I must wait for drivers coming the other way and decide whether they are going to let me go first or if I should give way.
Lee Myung-bak, the new president of South Korea, yesterday strengthened his prospects for pushing through business-friendly economic measures when his conservative party won a majority of seats in a parliamentary election.
Tennis star Li Na, the first Chinese national to win a Grand Slam tournament, announced her retirement on Friday, citing a difficult recovery from knee surgery.
I've just guided my own daughter through a training programme and asked several people to give her time in their offices. Everyone who came to know her enjoyed a nice warm glow from helping her, and I personally feel much better disposed to these people and will help them if I can.
Aristide Briand, author of the separation bill, disagreed. By policing garments, the state would be perceived as “intolerant”, and, even worse, the subject of “ridicule”, he quipped.
Similar signals emerged yesterday in month-on-month figures from South Korea, Japan, India and the Philippines, although, on a year-on-year basis, the data were uniformly negative.
mr trump is expected to sign a presidential memorandum on Monday asking his top trade negotiator to examine launching an investigation into China’s intellectual property regime. administration officials say the move signals a tough new US approach to Beijing’s unfair trade practices.
Céline Gounder, a member of Mr Biden’s advisory group, said Operation Warp Speed should spend more on improving the quality of testing, in what would amount to a shift in direction for the sprawling federally-funded effort that has paid billions of dollars to drug companies to develop vaccines.
“If you wanted to be adventurous you could take a lump of US, or a lump of Europe,” he says.
The funds fear a big rise in government bond yields, or interest rates, triggered by market concerns about public finances, could quickly feed through to higher mortgages and business borrowing costs.
Perplexed, I asked why she had just told me her name. She said it was a new policy designed to make the service more personal. How vulgar, I thought. How gratuitously chummy. How American. I turned to the hulking cathode ray tube that sat on my desk and bashed out a column protesting that I didn’t want personal. I just wanted a phone number.
Royal Dutch Shell has pulled out of a proposed $9bn (&pound 5.5bn) refinery project in China, in a sign of the difficulties faced by western oil companies seeking to profit from the country's rapidly rising demand for energy.
When pundits analyse Angela Merkel’s political success, they tend to fall back on a few well-worn ideas. The german chancellor is said to be a cautious pragmatist, a scientist who proceeds through trial-and-error, a reassuring mother-figure, a natural politician with an instinctive rapport with voters. All these things are true. But they miss out one vital element. ms merkel is also a political visionary. In the midst of a sometimes terrifying currency crisis, she has redefined Germany’s relationship with the EU – on a new and more sustainable basis.
China has grown rapidly with the embrace of market reforms, while North Korea, despite years of entreaties from Beijing, has only recently allowed limited experiments with liberalising its economy. China’s impatience has become increasingly apparent in recent months, with Beijing officials making a stream of unusually critical statements in public about their fraternal neighbour.
That was the highest level since 2001, when big companies accounted for 12.1 per cent of the $4.9bn put into start-ups.
The violence that erupted on Friday was the worst since an uprising in April which toppled Kurmanbek Bakiyev, the president, and killed at least 86 people.
Julian Assange, the freedom of information campaigner who has embarrassed the US by leaking thousands of confidential diplomatic cables, was locked in a London cell on Tuesday night after being denied bail in connection with alleged sexual offences in Sweden.
mr obama is in the right, in my view, but he owes his supporters an apology for misleading them. He also owes George W. Bush an apology for saying that the last administration's thinking was an affront to US values, whereas his own policies would be entirely consonant with them. In office he has found that the issue is more complicated. If he was surprised, he should not have been.
“Markets that are very concerned about being green are those who are economically prosperous,” he says. “If there's a huge recession, how is it going to affect consumers' choices? There is a hierarchy of needs  those struggling are not thinking about what happens to their trash.”
Mr Musk, chief executive officer of Tesla Motors and SpaceX, stirred a wave of interest in 2013 in a technology known as hyperloop — a tube from which air is pumped out to maintain a near-vacuum, theoretically making it possible for pods carrying people or freight to move at close to the speed of sound.
The summit was far from a failure. It made a good deal of progress. Hopes that the US might relent on targets were always overly optimistic. But Washington's agreement to mandate United Nations-led negotiations on a successor to the Kyoto protocol, which committed nations to stabilising emissions and which the US has yet to ratify, is an encouraging first step. So too is the intention to agree the new treaty by 2009.
Almost every day there appears to be a new source of irritation between China and the US about Tibet or Taiwan or the Chinese currency. That is on top of Google, Iran, tyres and chicken feet. And it is not just the Americans: similar stories are being told by Indians, Russians and assorted Europeans.
SoftBank investors will have a list of urgent questions for Masayoshi Son, the chief executive, when he reports second-quarter results on Monday.
The maker of iPhones and iPads met a coalition of environmental groups in China on Tuesday and told them the firm was engaged in audits of suppliers with which they had found fault. The audits of 11 suppliers so far followed a meeting in August as the coalition prepared to release a sharply critical report.
He says there were “absolute hysterics” in September about the size of the credit default swaps market and “how much of a black hole the Lehman situation was going to create”. DTCC took the unusual step of issuing a statement making clear there was a central registry for CDS trades – at its trade information warehouse – where the vast majority of CDS trades are recorded.
The writer, former prime minister of the Russian Federation, is director of the Institute for the Economy in Transition. Translation by Veronica Malytska
But the company’s success will depend less on its technical capabilities and more on its ability to secure orders, according to Will Tao, an independent technology analyst based in Beijing. “It really depends on whether they can sign long-term contracts with municipal governments,” he said.
Even if those inquiries would mostly have come from the worried well, many healthcare providers in new york (and other regions) are reportedly facing a barrage of requests from the rich and powerful, desperate for access to the first round of vaccines. Indeed, the question of how to get a vaccination fast is sparking a welter of gossip in gilded circles.
Buying CDS protection on Germany can equate to betting that it will have to pick up the tab for bailing out Europe’s so-called peripheral nations, analysts say.
Baidu, China's leading internet search provider, will today launch its Japanese-language service in Japan, marking its first major overseas venture.
Few stock markets lend themselves to directional punts quite like China’s. In each of the past seven years, the shanghai composite has finished in either the top or the bottom quintile of world equity index rankings  so far this year, it is 82nd of 93. But up to now, an insurer or the retirement fund of a state-owned enterprise that wanted to make money while the benchmark was sinking had to jump through hoops to invest in small private funds operating outside direct government supervision. In theory, easier access to bigger, licensed hedge funds should improve returns for many. Not holding assets when the price falls is good, but a short position is better.
The writer, a former UK cabinet minister and chief economic adviser to the Treasury, is a research fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School
“People want to depict ADB and AIIB as rivals and [AIIB president] Mr Jin [Liqun] and I as rivals. But actually we are friends, and ADB and AIIB can be partners,” said Mr Nakao.
Microsoft sought to boost its dwindling position in the internet search business with a distribution deal on the 2 Junethat could wrestle market share away from rival Yahoo.
A series of product launches starting next week and culminating in the autumn will bring together products from the former Reuters and the old Thomson Financial for the first time into two simplified platforms, one aimed at enterprises such as large banks and another aimed at individual users, such as small hedge funds.
The 270-day bond that came due on Friday was issued during HNA’s tense period last year. On Friday, HNA did manage to pay the Rmb54m in interest due, thus averting an official default.
The analysis by the UK-based company, a London-based operator of communications satellites, and UK air accident investigators, proved conclusively that the last signal from the aircraft came from a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean.
But it's not only men in the boardroom or at the peak of their careers who seem to favour long sleeves. So too does a 15-year-old Etonian, who asked not to be named. “For a start, the shorter variety look quite odd – they make you look as if you are in the armed forces, not dressed for dinner.”
Today, Fitch said Beijing's efforts to improve monitoring and risk disclosure have been inadequate. In the chart below, they note total leverage (as a percentage of GDP) has doubled since 2009, with off-balance sheet financing — trust loans, entrusted loans and wealth management products — accounting for 18 per cent of total loan growth at year-end, versus just 2 per cent a decade ago.
James Comey, director of the FBI, said on Thursday that the cost was “worth it”, but added that an accommodation needed to be made with Apple and other technology companies in the future, as paying outside technologists to find ways to access highly-encrypted messages on phones used by terrorist suspects was not “scalable.”
For many in the west, China is the land of export-oriented smokestacks and assembly lines, but the economy is already rebalancing. The dynamic, innovative services sector makes up more than half the economy and is growing annually at high single digit percentage.
Mr Schumer gave a blunt message to the Chinese. “We are fed up with your government’s intransigence on currency manipulation,” he said. “If you refuse to play by the same rules [as the US], we will force you to do so.”
Ahead of us president barack Obama’s visit to India next month, top American officials said on Monday they wanted India to take a “more active” role outside its immediate south Asian region, in trade, political and security co-operation.
This in turn attracted the interest of the venture capital industry and negotiations soon opened with a group of firms. By October 2012, five years after Mr Thrasyvoulou had launched his company with a few thousand pounds of his own money, he was sitting on a funding pile of $10.5m.
“There is a serious shortage of freezer boxes even as the vaccine rollout has started globally,” Shinya Kojima, chief engineer at Panasonic’s appliance unit, said in an interview. “We’ve already received so many inquiries from all over the world including Japan, the US, Singapore, France, south korea and China.”
The plan comes as asian investors drive prices for London office assets to fresh highs. Lloyds is preparing to bring the building to the market but has not yet done so, according to two people briefed on the situation.
As relief workers tried to reach victims who have been trapped under collapsed buildings for two days, officials also said they were working to relieve the pressure on a cracked dam before it flooded a heavily populated area.
Clients are also becoming more global and keen to deal with a global institution which can help them invest or do business overseas. “Clients are very international these days,” says Mr Meares. “Even UK clients who have built up businesses in the UK are likely to have one or two homes overseas and travel throughout the world.
If prices were not free to vary – or if goods and capital were subject to controls and taxes – then distortions, waste, and corruption would result. Without private ownership, entrepreneurs would not have the incentives to innovate. Bureaucrats could not know what the market wanted. Marketswere the only mechanism that would reward producers and satisfy consumers while enlisting the best of motives on both sides: voluntary co-operation.
Greece and its bailout creditors will begin their long-awaited final push towards completing a new €86bn rescue when negotiators return to Athens today for the first time in months in the hope that a deal can be concluded in just a matter of weeks.
A pledge by the european union to stand by crisis-hit Greece punctured hopes in financial markets of a swift rescue and raised fears of renewed selling.
The latter figure would be equivalent to one-third of the value of chinese exports to the US in 2017, which amounted to $505bn, and translate into a 0.9 per cent decline in China’s nominal gross domestic product, according to Mr Zhuang’s estimates.
What began as an economic storm has blown into a full-scale political crisis. Amid popular discontent and separatist protests, Spain has stumbled towards a crossroads: without decisive action by the government, the post-Franco democratic settlement is at risk.
Europe's gambling industry has learnt its lesson not to be too confident about reading between the us political and judicial lines. But one UK executive, predicting that the US will at some point relent, reminds America of its own history by saying: “Prohibition won't work.”
The future development of Nigerian banks could have implications across the continent. A growing number of investment funds in Europe, the US and elsewhere have been looking at Africa in the hope that high oil and commodities prices, political reforms and growing stability in some countries will fuel faster growth. Access to credit will be crucial in thrusting economies into higher gear.
A big test of the government's role in overseas investment will be BHP Billiton's bid for Rio Tinto. Bankers say several chinese steel and energy companies are concerned at the consequences of the deal for their access to cheap mineral resources. Officials in Beijing are also said to be worried that the merger would not be in China's interests. But a quick counterbid appears difficult to organise, even if they could raise the money.
According to Hays, the real pay of senior mangers in China is forecast to rise by “an impressive” 8.9 per cent this year. Earnings of professional staff after adjusting for inflation are predicted to rise by 7.9 per cent for administrative workers and by 7.8 per cent for professional staff.
Japan is preparing for the arrival of plug-in electric cars next year with plans to build hundreds of “quick recharge” power stations and other infrastructure to accommodate the vehicles.
Morgan Stanley, which did not name the individual, said it had discovered the error in May, immediately alerted the financial services Authority, and suspended the individual pending an internal investigation.
Sotheby's said its Impressionist sale was profitable, despite the auction house's loss of $14.6m on works that it had guaranteed to sell at a certain price. For its contemporary sale, it had guarantees of more than $170m.
The us president had previously said he wanted to relax restrictions on movement by Easter, but was forced to abandon that ambition after his administration’s projections showed the death toll would not peak until then.
I am hooked on following the fortunes of Bitcoin. But it is a misanthropic interest  I am a sceptic. As the story unfolds, we will see more and more evidence of the perils of investing in a currency as an abstract idea.
However, Mr Kuroda said rising Asian inflation would be “a really serious issue this year”, which governments would have to confront by eliminating or reducing domestic subsidies, in particular for fuel after oil briefly breached $100 a barrel earlier this month.
Congress has passed a $484bn economic relief package for small businesses, hospitals and coronavirus testing, sending the US government’s fourth stimulus bill since the outbreak to donald trump for his signature.
Existing shareholders in Telstra, Australia’s dominant telecoms company, will be offered preferential terms to buy into the government’s A$8bn ($6bn) planned public offering, according to bankers who are working on the share sale.
Echoing similar steps taken by several European governments, Liu Chao-shiuan, prime minister, promised during a parliamentary session that there would no longer be any limits to the amount insured per depositor.
The booming industry behind this regional angst is the subject of The Korean Wave – a new collection of academic essays, of varying quality, on the south korean entertainment sector’s rise to prominence in east and southeast Asia. From Manila to Mongolia, Seoul’s television and music companies have found enthusiastic audiences. Their success reflects the cultural allure of one of the region’s most advanced economies, and has opened doors for other south korean industries from tourism to cosmetics.
Other exchanges declined to release their numbers. But Walter Ricciardi, deputy SEC enforcement director, said referrals of suspicious trading were up across the board.
A Reuters report on Thursday, citing an unnamed official, said the Chinese port of Dalian had banned Australian coking coal imports.
China's 300m-strong middle class has the potential to rival the us market with the same advantage of a single language  although the European market is a similar size if potential markets such as Russia are included, multiple languages and red tape make it harder to address as a single domestic market.
The figure, released by Mr Ma ahead of the official announcement of growth figures due on January 25, records an economy slowing slightly from the blistering growth of more than 11 per cent recorded during the first quarter of last year.
Zhou Yongkang’s demise is rooted in the downfall of Bo Xilai, the charismatic “princeling” and former politburo member who was sentenced to life in prison last year for corruption and for his role in covering up his wife’s murder of a British businessman.
“The passage of the law this time is very meaningful for us,” said Ma Weihua, the president of China Merchants Bank, the country's sixth largest lender.
mr macron was forced to cut short a skiing holiday and return to the capital as an 18th consecutive Saturday of demonstrations by the gilets jaunes, or yellow vests, turned into a riot on the Champs-Elysées. After violent protests threatened to derail his reform drive late last year, the president regained the political initiative with increases in pensions and in-work benefits and a nationwide debate on tax and public services.
That is a big deal for a many companies. Most hedge exposure. Ethanol companies (which absorb 40 per cent of the total crop) can buy corn futures and sell them on ethanol or gasoline or contract for corn and ethanol in advance, locking in a certain amount of profit. They can also idle plants, as Valerohas. Meat producers (another third or more of the harvest) can lock in feed prices too. Chicken producer Sanderson Farmstypically buys feed only a few months in advance, in case prices go against it But as there is no futures market in chicken, it is harder to guarantee a margin.
For the UK, a country which is rather self-conscious about its perceived lack of world-beaters, this grand entrepot crowded against the Thames has been a source of pride. Before the crisis, British politicians, for some years, conducted elaborate liturgies of devotion before mighty finance, humbly promising not to get in its way.
Flights have been cancelled, traffic disrupted and hospital wards filled with patients, but one part of the chinese economy is benefiting from Beijing’s toxic air pollution.
But some of the other advantages of the MBA are not so evenly distributed. Only a few schools offer access to really significant multinational business networks, although a few more provide entry to powerful regional ones. Perhaps Harvard and Stanford reign supreme in the former, but Bocconi has no equal for opening doors in Italy, just as the top Spanish schools provide access to the Spanish speaking world.
A Chinese war epic has become the world’s top box office hit this year, eclipsing Hollywood blockbusters as a recovering economy has given the country’s pandemic-hit filmmakers an edge over US rivals.
The new data seem to confirm Kay's original finding that economic forecasters all tend to be wrong in the same way. Their incentives to flock together are obvious enough. What is less clear is why the flight of the flock is so often thought to augur much – but then, some astrologers are also profitably employed.
The UN Conference on Trade and Development said in its report released yesterday that financial turmoil in the second half of last year had not hit overall FDI flows, although the outlook for 2008 was more uncertain.
Sponsors of the olympic games should not be responsible for standing up to the chinese government over Tibet because otherwise they would have to talk to every government around the world about every conflict, according to the chief executive of strongbAdidas/strong.
In recent days Europe has been convulsed by the fiscal woes gripping Greece. But while Athens burns, there is an equally fascinating tale on the other side of Europe which has got less attention: namely the fact that Ireland has not been convulsed by political and fiscal disarray.
India’s trade relationship with the US was plunged into uncertainty as New Delhi lamented an “unfortunate” decision by us president donald trump to strip the country of preferential access to the US market.
In China, tipping your favourite livestreaming host has become as common as tipping a waiter. Cash spent on virtual gifts on video platforms such as TikTok has surged during the pandemic. China's second-biggest short video app Kuaishou is riding that wave. It is on track to be the largest tech listing since Uber. Longer term, online tipping exposes Kuaishou to official disapproval.
The new People's Republic of China bankruptcy law, which unified all the prevailing laws, rules and regulations into a single, coherent code, came into effect on June 1 last year.
Christine Lagarde, the IMF chief, said on Sunday that the fund “will continue to encourage the parties involved to actually proceed with this transition in the most efficient, predictable way in order to reduce the level of uncertainty, which will itself determine the level of risk we are facing”.
The funding, provided by Abu Dhabi's government, will allow the Gulf state to back up to eight films a year over the next five years, Edward Borgerding, chief executive of the abu dhabi media company told the Financial Times.
A sturdy male with a life expectancy of 60-80 years now fetches up to Rs40,000 ($973), compared to Rs5,000-Rs10,000 three years ago, according to Hanuwant Singh of the Lokhit Pashu-Palak Sansthan, a non-profit welfare organisation for livestock keepers. Entry-level tractors cost around $4,000.
The nail-biting is so familiar. For days, markets have fixated on political posturing in Athens, weighing up whether Greece will agree to sufficient additional austerity to allow its lenders to advance a second rescue package. Now, the odds seem to be rising, helping the euro gain ground against the dollar. In particular, unconfirmed suggestions that €60bn-ish of Greek bonds held by the european central bank could be swapped with the european financial stability Fund (which would then lend Greece additional funds to repurchase them) have encouraged optimism. The mechanics may look complex, but a swap arrangement could improve the chances that an accompanying “voluntary” debt restructuring (or PSI deal) between Greece and its private sector creditors will proceed. The ECB, which bought the bonds at a discount, had been insisting on repayment in full.
“James is a real politician,” says Mr Styles. “You can't possibly ever be offended by him. He is my counterpoint in some respects because I have a very direct western style and can get in people's faces.”
• The intervention of former president Jiang Zemin in the final preparations for the leadership change. This became essential after President Hu’s top aide was involved in a scandal where he endeavoured to cover up the death of his son — who crashed while driving a Ferrari at high speed through Beijing, accompanied by a woman who also died of her injuries.
Things are very different now. Last week the company forced half its workers to take “holidays”, due to a dearth of new orders and amid mounting concerns over its high debt levels.
Within the bank, he fostered an intense management culture that prized discipline and attention to detail. senior executives were set annual income and profit targets and challenged on whether they were meeting them. The chief executive exercised control through a daily 9.30am meeting where he would quiz managers about their divisions and openly question their competence. One morning he reduced a senior executive to tears. “It wasn't a positive or healthy atmosphere,” says a former executive. “You have to wonder about the decisions people make in that environment.” ( Sir Fred declined to comment for this article, saying that the terms of his departure from RBS prevented him from speaking about his time at the bank.)
There may be no proven alternative to capitalism writ large. But there are stark choices, nonetheless, for there are different kinds of capitalism. What makes many people uneasy is that Anglo-Saxon capitalism is heading towards a plutocratic model. The economy is run by the rich for the rich.
The main plank of China's climate change plan is a tough set of goals for energy efficiency. Between 2006 and 2010 the government aims to cut energy wastage by 20 per cent. The results for 2006 were well below target, but for 2007 the government got close to the level it needs to meet the five-year target.
“This will allow us to retool Russian enterprises with technology, boost their production culture and grant them the opportunity to diversify investments and win new markets,” he said.
Karadzic was convicted of genocide in the massacre of 8,000 Muslim men and boys in Srebrenica in 1995 — the worst atrocity on European soil since 1945 — and playing a key role in the 44-month siege that brought terror to the Bosnian capital, Sarajevo.
The summit will discuss measures to enhance economic co-operation. Vladimir Putin's proposal last year for the SCO to form an energy club raised eyebrows in the west, amid concern about Russia's reliability as an energy supplier and Chinese competition. However, an energy pact could be undermined by rivalry between Moscow and Beijing over oil and gas resources. China offers an opportunity for central asian states to wean themselves off reliance on Moscow. Just as Russia has renewed hostilities with the west, in the SCO it will be keeping a wary eye to the east
Britain and China cast aside serious diplomatic tensions plaguing their relationship on Thursday, as both governments vowed to press ahead with fresh trade and financial agreements.
France has reopened its borders with the UK to lorry drivers who test negative for Covid-19 after closing the route for 48 hours to prepare measures against a new strain of the virus in England.
Debris found in Mozambique is “highly likely” to come from MH370, Australian authorities said on Thursday, providing further evidence of the fate of the malaysia airlines plane that disappeared two years ago with 239 people on board.
Japan's private sector has responded to signals from Washington by adding to financial pressure on Iran – restricting loans and rejecting an Iranian request to pay for oil imports in currencies other than dollars, banking and official sources say.
These are busy days for judges in China. With companies going bust and investments failing, more people are turning to the courts to resolve financial disputes.
A surge on Friday in prices for wheat used in bread to an all-time high of $19.88 a bushel – the highest yet paid for any wheat contract and a three-fold increase from a year ago – prompted the US baking industry to call for wheat exports to be curtailed.
There is still no easy way out. The crisis of confidence in greek debt has eased, now that the european union appears ready to help. The extreme price of insuring greek debt fell sharply as a result.
Charles Li, chief executive of HKEX, said at a wall street Journal conference on Friday that it is “only a matter of time” before Alibaba and Xiaomi list in Hong Kong. He also reiterated his view that oil company saudi aramco would at some point list on the venue, as China is a large customer.
“The scheme being followed by the bond market is almost better than the one for equities,” said Mr Briand following the MSCI decision. “[But] we can only highlight what we hear to regulators and watch for them to make their decisions.”
Iranian officials insist there is international interest in investing in Iran's oil industry and European oil executives play down any impact on oil firms seeking deals in Iran.
Such vast fiscal deficits are only a temporary solution. So how might they end? In the US and other countries with highly indebted private sectors, such as the UK, a return to large private sector financial deficits would be highly undesirable, even if achievable. A vastly better outcome would be bigger savings and a reduction in current account deficits. Thus, the expansion in net exports that has recently been so vital for us growth must continue (see chart).
The move comes as the US-based bank beefs up its presence in India, one of its most important markets in Asia, with plans to introduce onshore private banking services in the coming year.
Britain is the most popular destination in Europe for investment by foreign companies , according to a survey published on the 17th June – and is likely to remain so for years to come.
As oil prices continued to fall, the dow jones industrial average rose more than 200 points, or 1.8 per cent, in midday trading while the S&P 500 was 1.7 per cent higher. The mood was even more buoyant in Europe, where the FTSE Eurofirst 300 index rose 2.6 per cent and the FTSE 100 in London climbed 2.5 per cent – lifted by a rebound for battered banking stocks.
The missing link is a protein called SIRT1 that is already known to have life-extending properties. Red wine, which in moderation is thought to enhance health, contains the chemical resveratrol, which boosts production of SIRT1.
Corporate jets have now joined bankers' bonuses as objects of unlimited opprobrium to become the worst symbols of executive excess. Since the backlash against the automakers, companies have been trying rather harder to prove they do &ldquo get it&rdquo . Last month, Citigroup, the bank, abandoned the purchase of a $50m (&euro 40m, &pound 36m) jet after a storm of negative publicity and Starbucks, the coffee chain, announced plans to sell its new corporate jet less than a month after it had been delivered.
It also shone a torch on the politicians and businessmen who for years enriched themselves by controlling the brokerage system that brings workers in from south-east Asia.
The findings, revealed in a Harris poll conducted for the Financial Times, will come as a blow to governments attempting to negotiate a new international framework on climate change.
China has resisted setting mandatory targets for emissions but will propose cutting its emissions of greenhouse gases per unit of economic output by 40 per cent from 2000 to 2020, according to Reuters.
Last month I passed through a huge cigar shop in an upscale mall in Beijing. I went inside and saw cuban cigars piled up to the roof on all sides. The humidifiers were majestically blowing out white mist against dark colored wooden shelves. Every kind of cuban cigar was there and in quantity. It looked really impressive. Then one odd thing struck me: all the cigars looked exactly the same color and had no scent, just like the cigar I bought on the sidewalk in Shanghai.
The disparity has been attributed to a mix of factors: girls are discouraged to pursue a career in video games, a poor take-up of science, tech, engineering and maths (Stem) subjects by young women, and sexism.
If a deal were struck and heavy tariffs were avoided, Beijing could scale back some of its spending, Mr Ding said.
But on Saturday, in the relaxed setting of an 18th-century chateau at Compiègne, north-east of Paris, mr putin was at pains to reassure french president Jacques Chirac and Angela Merkel, German chancellor, that the investment was “not at all a sign of aggressive behaviour”.
For private clients and their portfolio managers the indices can provide a further benchmark for client portfolio performance in the two asset classes.
president george W. Bush is due to meet Hu Jintao, China's president, on Thursday in Australia prior to the Apec summit.
The IMF reaffirmed its earlier, contentious, estimate that total losses in this cycle could total $945bn (&#8364 600bn, &pound 474bn) – a number that combines mark-to-market losses on subprime-related securities and estimates of likely losses on loans.
The potential for abuse is whether the way station becomes a hiding spot, either to reduce taxes at the end of the journey or to launder criminal money. The problem is not the tax rate but Swiss-style bank secrecy. The solution is what Bermuda, Barbados and other responsible offshore financial centres do, which is to have information agreements that allow tax authorities to share information. The presence of standardised tax information agreements applicable to all countries would be an objective measure of responsibility.
As recently as July, bank executives ruled out a sale but RBS is under pressure to focus resources on lending to the UK economy. RBS will retain an interest in China through the 18-branch network it acquired as part of ABN Amro, and the joint ventures with BoC in credit cards and wealth management.
Beer was first made on a serious scale in the 16th century. Production became increasingly mechanised and among the first purpose-built industrial structures were London’s breweries. Major businesses grew up during the early industrial revolution and became among the largest commercial undertakings in the world  these included 18th-century giants such as Whitbread and Truman’s. The number of players grew to peak at 3,556 in 1915 in Britain. A similar trend was apparent in the US – a huge variety of operators in a fragmented sector.
Statutes define the fiduciary duties of company directors. The common law imposes demanding fiduciary obligations on other agents, such as the trustees of pension funds. In 1984, a landmark legal ruling on this matter was made in the UK. A case had been brought by Arthur Scargill, the leader of Britain’s main mining union. He sought the end of coal board investments in overseas businesses. The judge rejected Mr Scargill’s claim, on the basis that it is the duty of trustees to increase the fund’s value for its beneficiaries, regardless of their moral or political views. Some lawyers have adopted a strict interpretation of the ruling.
In January, she hands stewardship of the second largest private US foundation to Luis Ubi?as. But that will not be the last she sees of the foundation's headquarters.
But the crackdowns on shadow banking and pollution brought unintended consequences. Both campaigns disproportionately hit smaller, privately owned businesses, which contribute around 60 per cent of gdp growth and 90 per cent of new jobs. Meanwhile, less efficient state-owned enterprises continue to enjoy preferential access to traditional bank loans.
financial institutions started poaching professionals from the tech world about three years ago in response to disruption from fintech competitors, says Max Johnson, manager at the recruitment agency Robert Walters. But to convince tech tribes to work for them, they have had to change.
The IMF argued in its latest external sector report that when a country’s currency weakened, there would often be a rapid hit to imports, but only a tepid boost to exports at first — because other trading partners also saw their currencies fall against the dollar.
There was, however, an unexpected twist to the event: Nigel Farage, leader of the UK’s Brexit party, gave a speech in support of a new entity called World4Brexit, which aims to raise money from Americans (among others) to support the Brexit cause.
At home, the french president was under pressure to go even further in a nationalist direction from his main political opponents – “the postman and the housewife”, otherwise known as Olivier Besancenot, a Trotskyite, and marine le pen of the far-right National Front. Ms Le Pen cited the rise of Sarah Palin as an inspiration.
The industry restructuring was a leg-up to the country's two fixed-line operators, china telecom and China Unicom, which had struggled as consumers embraced wireless.
Nevertheless, he has succeeded in creating a culture where the customer comes first – something that has not always prevailed in defence companies viewed by some as quasi-government agencies with little incentive to overperform.
The world's largest mobile operator by revenue has launched a ferocious attack on a plan by Viviane Reding, European commissioner for telecoms.
Huawei Technologies, one of China’s biggest corporate success stories, is a prime example of Beijing’s wish that chinese companies should “go global”.
Banks with high capital adequacy ratios are merely flabbier. Yes, that helps when losses are sustained. But short of losses banks are actually weaker, not stronger. Less leverage equals smaller potential balance sheets as well as lower net income and returns on equity. Lending is constrained. Even a healthy lender such as deutsche bank has the same amount of loans outstanding in the first quarter of 2012 as two years ago. Ditto last week’s results at JPMorgan showed net business loans at a similar level to 2009.
“We need production operations in Asia to complement what we have in North and South America,“ says Mr Gomes. “We aim to do something in China [in production] in 2007.”
In recent days, Vivek Wadhwa, an American technology entrepreneur and pundit, has been helping to run a “hackathon” in the san francisco area.
gross domestic product could have increased by as much as 1.7 per cent in the three months to June, which would have been one of the best performances since the country was reunified in 1990. But if, as some fear, the us recovery splutters and the world enters a “double dip” downturn, Germany's engineering export-led recovery might be doomed.
"Since the start ofthe MySpace.com advertising initiative more than 50,000 visitors have clicked from MySpace.com to marines.com," explains Sgtb（来源同上）/b Brian Griffin of the Marine Corps recruiting command. "The Marine Corps and [the advertising agency] JWT continually evaluate opportunities and mediums to spread our message of opportunity to young men and women. MySpace came out of this process as an appropriate medium to reach our target market."
Morgan Stanley real estate is fanning its holdings out across the country by taking stakes in shopping malls that will be anchored by Wal-Mart stores.
“These data should be quite positive to market sentiment,” said Lu Ting, economist with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. “Policymakers might still put taming inflation as a top priority, but we will see policies increasingly nudged towards pro-growth”.
Their combined assets are expected to rise to Rmb188tn by the end of this year. That marks a drop in growth to 14 per cent — the slowest for at least a decade which follows a peak between 2014 and 2016, when the compound annual rate hit 21 per cent.
The data, which came on the heels of another sovereign credit rating downgrade, prompted José Manuel García-Margallo, foreign minister, to say that they were “terrible for everyone and terrible for the government”. He compared the european union to the doomed liner Titanic, saying that passengers would be saved only if all worked together to find a solution.
Modern pharmaceuticals and biotechnology
Authoritarian leaders are seen as far more trustworthy than politicians in more openly democratic countries across the emerging world, according to data compiled by the World Economic Forum.
However, few executives believe that China will quickly become a manufacturing hub for the industry.
TME entered life as a public company on Wednesday amid a months-longsell-off in technology stocks, including Spotify, which pioneered the model for paid music streaming TME aims to emulate.
The tactic worked so well that when Roosevelt was later installed as president in 1933, he became the first incumbent of the White House to conduct so-called “fireside chats” on the radio. Newspaper journalists frowned — but, eventually, they started reporting on those radio shows until this became entirely normal.
The official Israeli line remains that the government supports the diplomatic process and that Iran is a problem for the world, not only for Israel.
Starbucks had an 80 per cent share of China’s $3.4bn coffee shop market last year, according to Euromonitor. The market research consultancy expects the sector to generate revenues of $4.1bn by 2020, making China a key growth market for coffee chains.
The gain puts an end to a 36 per cent decline in iron ore prices since early September. Chinese steelmakers, who account for 60 per cent of the internationally-traded market, had halted their purchases of iron ore in the spot market amid concerns about an economic slowdown.
Outward migration was also a record at 406,000, reflecting the large number of Britons and short-term migrants who left the country.
There are first-rate individuals who meet the criteria, including Arminio Fraga. A Princeton economics PhD, Mr Fraga held senior positions at Soros fund management and Salomon Brothers and did a stellar job heading Brazil's central bank. Another excellent choice would be Kemal Dervis, head of the united nations Development Programme, who taught at Princeton, served as a vice-president of the World Bank and proved his mettle as Turkey's effective and popular minister of finance during a period in which that country faced financial turmoil.
It comes amid a broader tightening of scrutiny under chinese president xi Jinping, as an expanding civil society pushes for more social and legal reforms. That effort has now been overtaken by an increasingly well-funded and politically empowered security apparatus.
In one of the harshest punishments meted out to a non-violent dissident, the court also ordered the confiscation of all of Tohti’s possessions, leaving his wife and two children with no visible means of support.
They have been winning rail projects across the world, including in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Latin America, Africa and Australia. chinese companies have also been snapping up global coal assets for the country's power stations.
Qantas of Australia and China Eastern are to launch Hong Kong’s first budget airline in a key deal for foreign participation in the Chinese aviation industry.
“We are absorbing a significant part of the tariff to help make our cars more affordable for customers in China”, Tesla said in a statement.
Asian consumers are confronting the fact that “food inflation has moved from being cyclical to being driven by structural factors”, says Glenn Maguire, Asia economist at Société Générale.
The agencies that regulate financial markets are master craftsmen of detailed rule books. For decades, they have seen this as their main job, and for good reason. Companies prefer clear rules. Legislators want to avoid handing discretionary powers to unelected regulatory agencies. And the public rightly wants to know the standards to which companies are being held.
They have poured money into the national health service and schools, as though infusions of cash alone could trigger and shape change. In this as in some other policies, Mr Blair's insight was right but the execution was a mess. The Blairite view that design flaws in the provision of welfare and public service entrench inequality and hold back the disadvantaged is basically valid. It is, indeed, the core of Blairism: the search for modern means towards social democracy's traditional ends of social justice. But choice in the NHS, for example, is crushed by the conflicting approach of decentralising competition while imposing central targets.
But at the dealership on the southeastern outskirts of Urumqi, only blackened shells are left of these symbols of prosperity.
Even with a government that worked, remedial action would be hard to devise. Fiscal and monetary policy are both stretched, the options for more action limited and risky. But the very notion of optimal policy just now is Utopian because the US does not have a government that works. If it did, the clock would not be ticking down to a congressionally mandated default even as the economy stalls.
Regulators probing alleged manipulation of interbank lending rates have expanded their investigation into yen rates in London and a separate rate-
“There are huge opportunities in China and Red Sports has been set up to fill some of the gaps outlined in the national plan, focusing on coach education and the development of in-school coaching programmes,” said Sue Wright, the business development manager and the wife of Mr Wright.
In early December, UBS realised it had a problem. As the credit markets continued to slump, the swiss bank concluded that the value of its investments linked to US sub-prime mortgages had dropped by another $10bn.
The acquisition would more than double Coke's market share in China's fruit juices market to about 20 per cent, far ahead of its next closest rival, according to market research firm Euromonitor International.
At present, the argument for German leadership boils down to a plea that it should put more and more money on the European table. Yet the principle that there should be no bailouts is fundamental in a union of countries that share a currency but remain sovereign when it comes to public finances.
The basic building block of stock market investment is no longer the common stock. It is the index. There now appear to be more indices than common stocks, and it is indices that form the basis of investment decisions.
Volkswagen’s senior management was briefed in the summer of 2015 on the cheating software at the centre of the company’s diesel emissions scandal, and ordered its continued concealment, according to criminal charges unsealed by US prosecutors on Monday.
Moody’s Investor Service said the decline had been so marked that it was forcing the US rating agency to consider relaxing the criteria for their top grade.
China's economic policy-makers meet towards the end of every year to establish a broad agenda for the coming 12 months. Yet this year's conference, which begins today, is likely to focus on specific policy measures.
Distinguishing pure sovereign risk (minus the contingent liabilities for the financial and non-financial private sectors) from risks that have arisen purely in those sectors, my judgment on the solvency of various entities in the eurozone has been the following. In the first category, I consider Greece to be unconditionally insolvent  Italy and Portugal to be solvent – but conditional upon a return to sustained growth. I consider the sovereigns of Spain, Ireland and the rest to be fundamentally solvent – minus the banks, of course. In the second category, I consider the private and financial sectors in Spain, Portugal and Ireland to be insolvent.
From a traditional foreign policy perspective, cyber space is a new board for an old game: the jockeying of nations for strategic advantage. Russia and the US were adversaries for 40 years in the 20th century. We may now be in the early years of a second cold war. Thus the Russian government’s efforts to destabilise American domestic politics using cyber espionage and strategic leaking is but the latest round of great power chess. The Obama administration’s response of expelling Russian diplomats and imposing sanctions is just statecraft in the cyber age.
The only vessels at Sri Lanka’s $1.3bn Hambantota port, opened with fanfare seven years ago, are a handful of idle tugs and a small, half-sunken wreck. At a $209m international airport 20km to the north, two women attend the information desk 10 hours after the day’s second and final flight. Nearby lies a 34,000-seat cricket stadium that has hosted one professional encounter in the past two years.
“I was the geek playing [ping pong] and my mates wouldn’t play with me – so we wanted to put it at the centre of a club,” says Bounce’s co-founder, Dov Penzik. “I played table tennis my whole life and decided there was an opportunity to create something where people would socialise.”
China’s president promised a “thorough investigation” after huge explosions ripped through chemicals warehouses in the city of Tianjin, killing at least 50 people, injuring hundreds more and disrupting operations at one of the world’s busiest ports.
Chinese stocks sank to their lowest levels since December 2006 amid growing concerns about the outlook for inflation and growth.
Why is Germany running such a large surplus? The superficial answer is that it no longer has a currency of its own, and thus no nominal exchange rate to adjust. This fails to acknowledge the underlying dynamics. During the eurozone crisis, Germany insisted on fiscal austerity for the bloc as a whole. It also gave itself a constitutional balanced budget rule. This stops the German public sector from running a deficit that could offset the surplus of the private sector. The roots of Germany’s structural surplus lie in the combination of tough fiscal rules and a currency rendered weak by the measures needed to deal with the consequences of the eurozone’s incompetent crisis management.
The warrants, issued when mr buffett rode to Goldman’s rescue in the depths of the financial crisis, gave Berkshire the right to purchase about 9 per cent of the bank for $115 per share before October 1 this year. But in a revised deal announced yesterday, Goldman said it would supply Berkshire with stock equivalent to Mr Buffett’s paper profit on the position.
“Handling commodities on such a vast scale in such a short time is testament to the trusted relationships we have built with farmers,” Jingtao Chi, Cofco International chairman, told delegates at the FT Commodities Global Summit.
Brown, who had enthusiastically posted YouTube videos of himself in his Tesla in Autopilot mode, relied on the technology, while the technology relied on human error. But Brown’s error was unusual: he acted as though the car was cleverer than it was. It was capable of helping its driver to steer and brake but not of being left fully in charge.
So who is right? Everybody and nobody. We are hearing the results of a mutually destructive struggle over slices of the dwindling global demand cake. That way lies competitive devaluations and trade wars. The solution is to expand demand, but with surplus countries doing more than the deficit countries.
China's consumer price index maintained a sluggish year-on-year pace of 1.4 per cent in March, according to the government's official figures. Forecasters had predicted the pace would decelerate to 1.3 per cent.
JD Power and rival forecaster CSM Worldwide both expect Spanish car sales to end the year down about 25 per cent.
Boosted by a series of large government stimulus packages and lower interest rates, Asia's fourth-largest economy grew by an estimated 2.3 per cent in the April-June period over the previous quarter, following a 0.1 per cent rise in the first quarter. It would mark the fastest quarterly growth since the fourth quarter of 2003.
The interplay between private and public markets has also been instrumental in the recent rise of buy-out funds. Helped by cheap debt andan increasingly onerous regulatorysystem for listed companies, as well as a focus by shareholders on short-term results, buy-out funds have lured companies away from the equity market.
Jorma Ollila, chairman of Nokia, the mobile phone maker, and oil major Royal Dutch Shell, said the Nordic style of capitalism was characterised by openness to globalisation balanced by strong government programmes to protect people from its excesses and an egalitarian education system.
Such lenders, widely seen as part of the “shadow banking” system, have expanded rapidly on the back of investors’ clamouring for the higher returns from financing riskier lending.
One important element in the due diligence that COSL undertook on Awilco was to reassure itself that the rigs being built in Chinese yards would be delivered on time and on budget.
It must have seemed a good idea at the time. But Coca-Cola's decision to make an advertisement showing a popular actress busting the &ldquo myths&rdquo  that the soft drink is fattening, teeth-rotting and overly caffeinated has backfired. Yesterday a consumer watchdog ruled the campaign &ldquo totally unacceptable&rdquo .
The service is not only aimed at unconscionably loaded foreign students who have not been told that Brits don’t do that sort of thing. According to the company, there is a small but growing slice of Britain that hasn’t been told this either. Increasingly, Brits want to be Very Important Freshers too.
"For the reform of the state-owned banks, the main problems were establishing corporate governance, boards of directors and relations with internal institutions, but the hardest part is transforming from a stateowned institution to a commercial one," says Guo Shuqing, chairman of CCB.
But in an interview ahead of the agency’s flagship publication, World Energy Outlook, IEA chief economist Fatih Birol said: “We need a decision almost tomorrow if we are going to act before we reach a point of no return in climate and security of supply.”
ms merkel said the decision to open a more formal dialogue with the five countries – rather than just meet for a few hours at G8 summits – was an “answer to those who ask whether the G8 was still an organisation that fits with modern times”.
From new research on “lagged deservingness” among lottery winners that I undertook with economists Andrew Oswald and Rainer Winkelmann, earned income is regarded as money that is intrinsically deserved. Lottery income isn’t. The winner doesn’t immediately think that she is fully deserving of the money because winning the lottery creates a form of unwanted cognitive dissonance – the process associated with holding two contradictory ideas in one’s head. The winner thinks: “I’m happy about the money, but I’m not sure whether I’m really entitled to it.” Through time, however, the lottery winner can persuade herself that she deserves the money. Empirically speaking, this slow erosion of cognitive dissonance takes approximately two years to complete. Interestingly, we also found in our study that people weigh differently the various incomes that accrue to them: gift income and inheritance income are viewed in a very different way to wage income and lottery income.
In their bid to reach beyond China, some companies have signed slightly eccentric deals. Hongxing Erke has a sponsorship deal with the North Korean Olympic team. li ning has agreed to sponsor the Olympics team from Sudan where China has some severe critics of its policies.
A former executive with Siemens yesterday received a heavy fine and two-year suspended jail sentence in a landmark trial on corporate bribery for his role in setting up slush funds used to win contacts for the engineering group.
The Treasury and the federal reserve do not want a British-style non-executive chairman who flies in from London two or three days a week to look over Mr Pandit's shoulder. They want to be reassured that the US taxpayers' money is in familiar American hands.
Now, judging by the unemotional part-exit of Bank of America from china construction Bank, Chinese executives are both older and wiser. For CCB, BofA’s original investment in June 2005 essentially served the same purpose as the British and Swiss purchases of BoC that year: giving the chinese bank a stamp of credibility before an initial public offering in hong kong (it, like BoC, had received a giant state bailout only two years earlier). Six years on, CCB seems to appreciate that an orderly off-market placement, even in the billions of dollars, need not wreak havoc on the share price, once disclosed. chinese banks have required a lot of capital to keep up with state-directed lending sprees, so investor bases are subject to churn. Better to have a solvent “partner” with 5 per cent, than an insolvent one with 10 per cent.
Europe, therefore, has the opportunity, under the leadership of Germany and France, to champion a model that, rather than constraining financial innovation, supports it with stronger regulation in keeping with the European tradition.
This fall was mainly due to price controls, which led to losses in oil refining and power generation.
"If a project doesn't make sense financially, it won't offer a sustainable answer," said Michael Snyder, chairman of the Corporation's policy and resources committee. "The London Accord will put the capital's talent as a financial innovator at the service of the nascent climate change industry."
“In oil, government policies have been mainly directed at ensuring supply during the Olympics month. Strong import growth suggests the supply system is operating above minimum inventory requirements, but we see no evidence of inventory building on the scale of the observed demand increase  hence there is unlikely to be a significant overhang, especially when about 1m vehicles return to the roads after the Games.
But while the political signals are still bleak, there are grounds for economic hope. Spain and Ireland, two of the countries that have suffered worst from debt crises and austerity economics, are finally recovering. Spain is expected to grow at 2 per cent this year and unemployment in Ireland will drop below 10 per cent soon. Even Greece, before the latest twist in the crisis, had experienced a return to economic growth. More broadly, the combination of lower oil prices, a falling currency and monetary easing by the european central bank should deliver a considerable stimulus to the EU economy this year.
IMF and World Bank officials have acknowledged the scale of Congo's infrastructure needs. But they are seeking to ascertain whether the Chinese loans are in line with Kinshasa's commitment under the financial institutions' Heavily Indebted poor countries debt-reduction initiative not to contract new debt on anything but concessional terms.
The tipping point seems to be about 30 per cent. Below that, women are a minority and liable to the stereotyping suffered by any other minority. Above that level, they create a breadth of role-model styles, can become crucial mentors and temper the overly masculine cultures that pervade many executive suites. Only those senior teams with more than 30 per cent women will, in the long term, change the gender landscape of corporate Europe.i
However, the biggest shift in recent years has been the funds' willingness to make high-profile investments in public companies. So far, much of the focus has been on the financial sector. Even before the credit crisis struck, china investment Corporation made waves by investing $3bn in Blackstone, the US buyout firm, shortly before its flotation, while Temasek of Singapore invested in Barclays, the British bank. But funds have also popped up on the share registers of companies such as AMD, the computer chipmaker, and Sony, the Japanese electronics group. And their influence is set to expand.
This new awareness of the constraints on American power is reflected in a number of new books and articles. The most influential is probably Fareed Zakaria's emiThe Post-American World/em, which is said to be the only book on foreign affairs read by barack obama this year. Although Mr Zakaria strives to present the rise of China, India and “the rest” as unthreatening to the US, the inescapable conclusion is that the Bush years marked the apogee of American power.
Then there is the bait-and-switch - as much as the company presentations appear designed to convince students that opportunities are limitless and that corporate culture is all about finding the right people and giving them a chance to grow, when the applications are in and interviews start, the message sometimes changes.
For SAIC and for China, much is riding on the Roewe 550's success, said Mike Dunne of JD Power.
Investment management, though, has so far avoided the tech challenge. The industry has not been forced to shed jobs or lower costs to investors through inroads made by upstart newcomers. If anything, the advent of online options has added costs rather than lowered them and allowed a new set of intermediary firms to profit from people’s savings by charging asset-based fees. At least those fees are starting to come down, as algorithms begin to be employed in portfolio management. Forbes Magazine recently pointed to a couple of us companies it labelled “robo adviser” platforms, which use exchange traded funds to build investment portfolios and rebalance them when they get too far out of line with target allocations.
The other question is whether the investor frenzy is the prelude to a sharp fall. Several analysts believe the rapid rise in share prices in recent weeks had a highly speculative quality and the government could soon start urging investors to be more cautious.
But what if that assumption is wrong? The decline in exports is slowing, yes, but shipments in September were still 15 per cent worse than they were in the month of Lehman's demise &ndash  the eleventh straight month of falls, and not much better than the 17 per cent fall in the darkest days of March. The longer they remain sluggish, the longer fixed-asset investment will have to compensate, raising the risk of growth being hit by an investment-led slump.
Crayhill Capital Management, a New York-based alternative credit fund, recently announced a $300m investment in a trade financing platform operated by Stenn International, a UK-based trade financing provider. Stenn purchases trade receivables from suppliers in China and southeast asia who export consumer goods such as apparel, toys and electronics to big western retailers. The focus is on small- and medium-sized enterprises.
The explosive growth in personal wealth has meant that global banks with private banking divisions and expertise in corporate finance and investment banking have really come into their own.
It seems as if we have been here before. Mr Obama's post-BP address is strikingly similar to a speech given by President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s, attempting in vain to use the last oil crisis to change us energy policy. mr obama acknowledged the parallels, but promised a different outcome. But while Washington's resolve faltered again, the industry's economics are not following the old script.
“If the allegations are true it would be a clear contradiction as to what I consider to be trusting co-operation between agencies and partners,” the chancellor said during a news conference with Li Keqiang.
asian stock markets began the week on a gloomy note following steep losses on wall street on Friday, although Taipei bucked the weaker trend after a big opposition win by the Kuomintang party (KMT) in the weekend's parliamentary elections. hong kong fell by 1.5 per cent and Singapore 2.1 per cent. Japanese markets were shut for a holiday.
The figures confirm recent studies by UBS and the World Bank showing that China is exporting a wider range of goods than a decade ago and at higher prices in the past two years.
“The number of deals getting done above $100m has dropped dramatically,” said Matthew Koder, co-head of global capital markets at UBS.
“The administration is looking for a number of other points of leverage and points of pressure to apply to the Chinese to persuade China to open their markets and level the playing field,” Mr Zarit said.
Largely as a result, China’s debt-to-GDP ratio has now virtually stopped rising after 10 years of, at times, breakneck growth, according to Switzerland’s Pictet Asset Management, which expects this measure to start falling as soon as 2019.
The wives of American presidents are traditionally also public figures, with roles that range from stylish hostess – like Martha Washington, Dolly Madison or Jacqueline Kennedy – to strong policy advocates like Eleanor Roosevelt or Hillary Clinton.
The election of donald trump — and the prospect of his re-election — has been credited to everything from institutionalised racism in America to rising inequality.
A comparison of the banking sectors leads to a strikingly similar conclusion. Shanghai-based banks have a combined asset base of $419bn, trailing far behind hong kong in terms of size with assets at $1,029bn. While hong kong boasts several world-class banks, those in Shanghai are at best a work in progress.
The single biggest contribution to international gas supply security would be for the european union to create a competitive, integrated gas market. It would also diminish Russia's ability to leverage the bilateral gas relationships, increasing the chance for Europe to speak with one voice to Moscow.
Melco Crown Entertainment, a joint venture between Australia's James Packer and Lawrence Ho, the son of Macao casino mogul Stanley Ho, has lost money every quarter since the opening of its Crown Macao casino last May except for the first quarter of this year, when it made a profit of $43.2m after adopting a new strategy of targeting higher-stakes clients. However, those profits evaporated in the next quarter due to the rising costs faced by Macao casinos.
All countries have a right to protect national security interests — nowhere more than in 5G telecoms, nervous system of the future digital economy and the “internet of things”. The Trump administration’s moves last week, however, go far beyond what is needed to address security concerns. They also seem far more than an attempt to pressure Beijing into reaching a trade deal.
A move to create a big rival to the Taiwanese companies that dominate the semiconductor industry was launched yesterday by abu dhabi with a $1.8bn offer for Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing, the loss-making Singaporean foundry chipmaker.
&ldquo Our defence and military networks are under constant attack,&rdquo  he said. &ldquo Al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups have spoken of their desire to unleash a cyber-attack on our country &ndash  attacks that are harder to detect and harder to defend against.&rdquo
The catch is that the latest intervention addresses just one part of the continent’s problem. Banks in Europe fund themselves partially with dollars. Because of fears for their stability, investors have been balking at buying their commercial paper. Now, with the help of central banks in the US, Japan, Britain
India has complained that a chinese military patrol crossed the disputed Himalayan border between the two countries last week and is encamped several kilometres inside territory normally controlled by India.
Alex Salmond addressed the Scottish National party’s annual conference the other day. Few beyond Scotland will have noticed. That is a pity. As David Cameron’s Conservatives resume their obsessive debate about leaving Europe, Mr Salmond is advancing Scotland’s departure from Britain.
The answer lies in the unique character of this recession. There are two triggers - a bursting of the us house price bubble and a bursting of the credit bubble. I do not believe that aggressive Fed rate cuts will resolve the extreme imbalance between supply and demand in the US property market that will be pushing housing prices lower for some time. Nor do I believe that recent Fed actions will restore the functioning of credit markets to their pre-crisis state. As a result, pressures are likely to remain intense on housing - and credit-dependent us consumers - a sector that accounts for a record 72% of US real GDP.
They have not been helped by seesawing exchange rates and the fact that the only big south african wine producer, Distell, leans so heavily on spirits and on domestic sales. The multinational wine companies have been slow to invest in Cape wine – although the American giant Gallo has been sniffing around for some time and is set to launch a range in conjunction with one of South Africa's still important wine co-ops, Swartland.
The make-up of the Politburo and the standing committee is expected to be announced today.
global credit markets yesterday suffered one of their worst trading days this decade amid concerns that some investors are being forced to sell assets to cover losses related to the subprime debacle.
The new RAV4 plant in Ontario will operate at half-capacity for the foreseeable future. Overtime has been cut and assembly lines slowed at some existing plants.
Great champions know how to end their career at the peak of their success. DeepMind, Alphabet’s artificial intelligence lab, has decided that its computer program, AlphaGo, will no longer focus on winning the board game Go. Instead, according to a blog post co-written by Demis Hassabis, DeepMind chief executive, the focus will be on “developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems, such as finding new cures for diseases”.
In a letter to the rest of the G20 that shows frustration at slow progress this year, the leaders warned: “Without co-operative action to make the necessary adjustments to achieve [strong and sustainable growth], the risk of future crises and low growth remain.”
The performance of banking stocks tells one most of what one needs to know about the financial crisis. In the US, the epicentre of the distress, banks had lost half of their market value between a year ago and the end of last week, relative to the S&P composite index.
Every day this newspaper reports on winners and losers of the business world: those who speculated and won, and those who played it safe and lost. This running commentary seems to confirm what everyone knows: risk and reward are closely related.
Given that the fastest-growing parts of the world economy are services, for which physical presence in an economy is often required, encouraging cross-border investment is undoubtedly a good thing. But lumping all ownership restrictions into the same category as out-and-out trade protectionism – the blocking of cross-border flows of goods and services – overstates the problem. Trade protectionism fundamentally alters the make-up of an economy. Ownership restrictions, by contrast, certainly in rich countries and successful emerging markets such as China, will at most affect the quality of corporate governance. For the consumer, for whom public policy should be run, who owns water-bottling plants in China matters less than whether they exist.
So far a lot of the media focus has been on the appreciation of China’s currency. Progress on this issue will establish a sense of fair competition. Yet the Sino-American agenda needs to be broader. Some steps can prepare the way for China’s transition to a flexible exchange rate. Others lay the foundation for two important economies to advance and share in global prosperity.
This is WeWork, the shared office outfit that has grown from a single building in Manhattan in 2010 into a hipster hot-desking behemoth with more than 170 sites in 19 countries and 58 cities, from Beijing to Bogotá.
He has had to learn to handle his Maotai, a potent local firewater distilled from sorghum that, unless taken in moderation, could probably propel Sir Fred back to Edinburgh without the need for the corporate jet.
The move by the world’s ­dominant social networking site is a bid to tap into the vast amounts that marketers spend on television, budgets that tower over online ad spending.
That is the theme of a new book by Professor Meghan O’Sullivan, who works at the Belfer Center in Harvard. Ms O’Sullivan is an optimist. She sees in “abundance” the chance for significant positive changes in the balance of power around the world, all of which would support the foreign policy objectives of the US government.
Apple launched a new $100bn share buyback plan and lifted its dividend by 16 per cent, marking the biggest increase in its capital returns to shareholders yet.
There have also been inflows into equity funds from retail investors, meaning the large US-based global fund managers have extra money to put to work. Buying new issues is often the quickest way to build a position.
The Shanghai Film Studios are as old as cinema and so is Shanghai's place in movie lore and history. In the 1890s the city hosted China's first public film show as part of a teahouse variety bill. In the 1930s and 1940s it obsessed global audiences with the lubricious lure of its far-flung cosmopolitanism: great films noirs were born that celebrated the town's name in their very titles – Shanghai Express, The Shanghai Gesture, Welles's The Lady from Shanghai. Moving on into futurism, Shanghai's late-20th-century life as a skyscraper capital made it the inspiration for prophesies of sci-fi dystopia, from Ridley Scott's Blade Runner to Michael Winterbottom's Code 46.
How then should one evaluate this latest transformation of capitalism? Is it a "good thing"?
The Treasury says it understands the concerns about Friday's surprise move but insists it was necessary. It wants to talk to the City about a more permanent solution.
The problem for Beijing is that, having unleashed a market-oriented economy, it is harder to temper growth with its preferred administrative measures. Calls to cool lending have not stopped factories and plants proliferating. The increases in local banks' reserve ratios did not prevent the industry making new loans of $180bn in the first quarter, almost half the total for all of 2006. And the bite-sized rises in interest rates have clearly failed to curtail the stock market frenzy. The Shanghai domestic-currency market, despite falling 8.8 per cent one day in February, is up 20 per cent since the start of 2007 and retail investors are opening trading accounts at a record pace.
China's finance ministry said in an online statement, that "America's measures [to impose tariffs] have violated the rules of the world trade Organisation, and have seriously violated China's legal rights".
"I believe there is still work to be done," he says. "The school has to be made more robust, which means more resources, more [academic] chairs and developing more centres of excellence."
US levies on the EU products would come on top of American tariffs already imposed on European steel and aluminium imports, and amid a threat by the trump administration to add tariffs on EU automotive products for national security reasons.
us president donald trump is facing mounting pressure to approve a new federal funding for coronavirus testing as overwhelmed laboratories struggle to keep up with demand amid a spike in Covid-19 in many states.
The comments by Li Yufu, vice-chairman of the All China Federation of Trade Unions, come as non-governmental organisations are braced for a new NGO law that stands to ramp up police scrutiny and make it tougher to operate. No drafts of the law have been made public.
In spite of the rise of Chinese competitors, at the top it remains a two-horse race with the winner often leading by a nose. In 2012, Christie’s took 54 per cent of the two groups’ combined sales, compared with 50 per cent the year before.
At the end of each Apple board meeting, Tim Cook, chief executive, raises the question of who should succeed him if he “[steps] off the wrong curb or something”. It is a tribute to mr cook after five years at the helm of the world’s most valuable company that an accident is more likely to finish him than investor discontent.
Judging by the number of self-administered haircuts visible on  Zoom calls these days, hairdressers have nothing to fear about their long-term prospects once the devastating disruption to their business ends. The same is not true for many other businesses, as Covid-19 reshapes the contours of our lives.
His claim finds stronger support in the research of Roger Ibbotson and Paul Kaplan, who analysed the dispersion of investment returns across a sample of fund managers and found that asset allocation accounts for most of the
Moreover, a lot of business research focuses on the top of organisations rather than delving into how effective action really occurs. So we have reams of publications on governance, structures and strategies. While loved by consulting firms, whether it results in improved organisational performance is an open question.
Many years ago, Denis Thatcher was on a trip to India with his wife Margaret, then leader of the Conservative party. Getting into the spirit of things and, perhaps, in a bid to aid national rapprochement, he gamely donned a pink turban (see photo below). The resultant cover of satirical magazine Private Eye served as a warning that, when married to power, men need to dress for office as much as women.
The deputy premier, who is on a visit to Spain, Germany and the UK, also pledged that China would continue to “play an active role” on the international financial markets and stressed the country’s continued support for the euro and European integration.German officials earlier said it was possible that Angela Merkel, the chancellor, who is to meet mr li today, could use the talks to find out more about Beijing’s plans to buy eurozone government bonds.
Over the past 10 days, the world’s eyes have been watching another nuclear crisis unfold, this one not in eastern europe but in Japan.
“We know that our contribution in terms of numbers will be tiny, but what we want to do is show a path that others can follow,” he says.
Jim Newsome, Nymex chief executive, is in little doubt that there will be further consolidation in the sector. "It's not just a domestic trend, it's a global trend. We think the new york mercantile exchange is very flexibly positioned to look at all potential opportunities to the benefit of our shareholders," he says.
A sale of Vodafone’s 45 per cent share in Verizon Wireless would resolve one of the longest-running stand-offs in recent dealmaking and mark the third-largest merger and acquisitions deal ever. It was described by people close to the transaction as providing “a massive quantitative easing injection” for the UK economy.
The shanghai composite index rose 109.28 points, or 3.9 per cent, to 2,881.07, after sliding nearly 9 per cent in the previous session.
A “clean plate” campaign and social media censorship of exuberant eating videos this year reflect China’s growing fear of food shortages. Disruptions from the pandemic have been compounded by the country’s worst floods in decades. While global harvests remain plentiful, fear of a breakdown in supply chains has put an end to a decade of falling food prices.
The annual exercise – one of the reforms to emerge from the financial crisis – could determine the profitability of the world’s largest financial institutions for years to come.
The move underlines a shift in strategy being championed by Vikram Pandit, chief executive, in order to rebuild a company that has suffered billions of dollars in losses and has been repeatedly bailed out by the government. mr pandit is striving to shrink the troubled bank&rsquo s balance sheet and create a more cohesive company out of businesses that have never been fully integrated since the 1998 merger between John Reed&rsquo s Citicorp and Sandy Weill&rsquo s Travelers.
Here I go again. Three years ago, I ran my first marathon, basically to see whether I could. After a bright start it was, as I wrote at the time, "unremittingly grim". I didn't expect to repeat the experience.
The renegotiation of an expiring 1973 deal has become one of the thorniest issues between Washington and Seoul, a regional ally that has chafed at the US’s refusal to allow it to follow others such as Tokyo in developing nuclear technology.
French livestock farmers have been forced to dig into their winter stocks of hay, says Jean-Michel Delmas of the French agricultural union FNSEA. He warns that stress caused by the heat has thrown cattle off their usual fertility cycles andb veal production /bcould fall 10-15 per cent.
Twenty years ago this month, Sir Tim Berners-Lee, while working at Cern, the European Particle Physics Laboratory, proposed a system that would manage information about its experiments and enable people to work together through a web of hypertext documents.
I am a third-year university student and I share a flat with a student on the same course as me from the year below. We are good friends, but I, alas, want us to be more than that. The risks of my confessing my feelings are quite high. If it works out, I have a girlfriend  if it doesn't, I'll end up homeless, looking for an (almost prohibitively expensive one-person) apartment, having lost my best friend. If I keep her in the dark I'm guaranteed to have a roof over my head for the two remaining years. Can economics provide an answer to my dilemma?br /Unnamed student, London
Russia and the members of the Organisation of the petroleum exporting Countries, the oil cartel, cut their dollar holdings from 67 per cent in the first quarter to 65 per cent in the second.
China’s official manufacturing purchasing managers’ index fell to 50 this month, dead-on the 50-point line between growth and contraction indicating no change from the previous month and coming in below a median forecast of 50.2 from economists surveyed by Reuters.
A spokesman would only say that the project, under which China is investing in infrastructure in Asia and central and eastern Europe, could contribute to global growth if it was “well implemented”.
mining companies are struggling to increase iron ore output in Australia, the world’s biggest exporter, while the quality of chinese domestic iron ore production fails to improve. In addition, India’s government has imposed export tariffs to keep its local steel industry well supplied.
None of this is to assert the superiority of a technical education over a classical, literary or vocational one, although Snow sometimes seemed to yield to that temptation. We don’t need a parliament full of chemists any more than we need one full of classicists. We need a mix.
Citing a “resigned acceptance” among shareholders over the size of the penalty, Mike Mayo, an analyst at CLSA, said yesterday marked “a significant turning point for several of Citi’s major issues”.
Persistent inflationary pressure means Beijing is unlikely to let up on its current round of monetary tightening even though the overall economy appears to be cooling.
Shares in Topsports International, China’s biggest sportswear group, sprinted higher in their trading debut in hong kong the week after the company raised more than $1bn in an initial public offering.
“I need a small loan,” says Andelo Abanto, a 30-year old self-employed cleaner. “I think I might have to rush to get it now. The more I wait, the higher the rates will be.”
Journalist, female, 24
“Inflation has been elevated and some indicators of inflation expectations have risen,” the Fed said. It said policymakers expect inflation to moderate, but believe “uncertainty about the inflation outlook has increased”.
Many in the City plainly believed that an independent LSE was vital for London's competitive position. And yet the success of Euronext in snatching control of Liffe, London's financial futures exchange, has done nothing to impede the City's growth.
The bodies of at least 163 of the 224 on board have been recovered and taken to morgues in Cairo, the Egyptian cabinet said. The search area now covers a 15km radius from the crash site, rather than an 8km radius, it said.
What was an annoyance for me is a matter of life and death for many Chinese people, who cannot get treatment for themselves or their children, even for life-threatening illnesses, until they hand over money.
This is not a race to the least regulated market: no global issuers are launching from Nigeria or Burma. Global IPOs are gravitating to those markets that have the highest ratio of investor benefits to company costs.
The combination has created the world's largest financial exchange - dwarfing even the new york stock Exchange. It will host the trading of an array of complex financial instruments known as futures, which are contracts to buy or sell an asset - such as a government bond or a bushel of wheat - at some set future date.
He began comparing Bangladesh, Cambodia and India from the point of view of labour costs and availability, electricity supply, ports and road infrastructure, the quality of middle management and, of course, relative levels of corruption.
chinese state media criticised the brinkmanship in Washington over how to raise the debt limit as “dangerously irresponsible” and said the US could plunge the world into a recession that could be “much nastier” than the one that hit in 2008.
In 1963, John Kennedy warned that by the end of the 1970s as many as 25 states could hold nuclear weapons. That nightmarish world has not materialised. Indeed, in the 66 years since the US dropped the first atomic bomb, only eight further states have joined the nuclear club. Yet despite this apparent success, the risks of nuclear proliferation are not ebbing, but growing. It is time for a renewed push towards nuclear disarmament.
“Of course, if we were now to relax, transmission could resurge,” he said. “If the measures started on 20 July are sustained, we should see daily case numbers drop to zero within around 4-6 weeks. We may also need two weeks of zero cases before deciding measures can be relaxed.”
Alibaba’s total revenue rose 37 per cent year on year to Rmb221.1bn ($34.2bn) in the quarter, ahead of analysts’ estimates, but was boosted by the inclusion of sales from Sun Art, the supermarket chain it bought in October.
Kalpana Desai, head of M&A in asia pacific for Merrill Lynch, says: “As well as having industry and product expertise, it is important to understand how to manage the regulatory environment to ensure deals go smoothly.”
Kinger Lau, chief china equity strategist at Goldman Sachs, said an improved ability to hedge was “one of the very important preconditions for people to scale up their exposure in the market”.
From cars to kitchen units, football managers to discount supermarkets, Germany is famed for its exporting prowess. Can it now repeat the trick with further education?
Taiwan's exports last month fell by almost a quarter from a year ago, the sharpest drop since September 2001 and an indication of the accelerating downturn hitting export-oriented Asian economies.
After it declared itself a nuclear state in February last year, north korea called for the six-party talks to be transformed into mutual “arms reduction negotiations”, suggesting the US must also disarm.
The National Development and reform commission (NDRC), China’s top economic planning agency, has halted the construction of locally approved parks expected to cost more than Rmb500m ($78m) or covering more than 20 hectares.
mr geithner started offering his take on topics including federal reserve policy and the state of the world on the public stage three months after leaving the obama administration in January.
From a moral point of view, the tale outlined in the complaint could scarcely be more damning. What pension fund or institution could possibly want to do business with a bank that behaves in the way Goldman is portrayed in the SEC's suit? If this version of events stands up in court, then the damage to Goldman's business will be severe – and so the market's instant reaction on Friday looks justified.
The number of buyers at China’s largest industrial bazaar, where the world’s retailers meet suppliers of everything from electronics to Christmas decorations was down 10 per cent in October, underlining weak chinese exports and global demand.
Gail Kelly is one of them, and she is the chief executive of Westpac. She was previously the CEO of St George, a far smaller bank in Australia. When she arrived at Westpac she promptly bid for St George, a deal that shareholders will vote on this month. That's decisive action for you. One of Kelly's strengths is that a long time ago, in her native South Africa, she taught Latin. Remember my colleague Gillian Tett mentioning that the word credit was derived from the Latin for "I trust"? Latin teaching is a great background for a banker.
The French luxury group behind brands such as louis vuitton and Christian Dior would pay $131.50 a share for the US jeweller, down from the original price of $135, valuing the equity at about $15.8bn, the people said. In addition, Tiffany would pay its shareholders a dividend of $0.58 a share, they added.
Dario Frigerio, chief executive, said Pioneer had experience in developing a strong franchise in emerging markets, pointing to its record in central and eastern Europe.
A Lynk-branded SUV will launch in China next year and be rolled out to Europe by the end of 2018, followed by smaller cars such as a saloon and a hatchback.
The Bank of England's monetary policy committee voted eight against one to hold interest rates at 5 per cent this month, according to minutes of the meeting published on Wednesday, signalling the Bank's concern to maintain the credibility of its inflation target.
b'It's like riding a rollercoaster'
Zurich Insurance is to sell the remainder of its stake in New China Life, becoming the latest western financial company to sell down its Chinese investment.
“From the data we have, it still seems to be rare that an asymptomatic person actually transmits onward to a secondary individual,” Maria Van Kerkhove, technical lead on the WHO’s health emergencies programme, said at a press conference on Monday evening.
private equity investments in general, especially large deals exceeding several hundred millions of dollars or incorporating leveraged finance, are still new to China. There is not even a precise, commonly-used term for private equity in mainland China. On its Chinese-language business cards, Carlyle simply markets itself as an “investment group”. Understanding of private equity in China could deepen over time, however. Mr Tsou says that China's more progressive business executives already have a much more thorough knowledge of private equity's workings compared with government regulators and the public.
The crisis in the car industry has led to a global shortage of a chemical solvent used for everything from checking the mould level in a chocolate bar to making sure a tablet of aspirin is safe.
Tory Burch is describing the genesis of her book, In Color, from within her immaculate headquarters on 19th Street, in the Flatiron district of Manhattan. The headquarters, all thick-piled rugs, capacious sofas, and glass-topped coffee tables, feels more like a chic private residence than the home of a thriving fashion corporation. But such refined comfort is integral to the 48-year-old designer’s success: one of America’s youngest self-made billionaires, she has built a fashion empire on selling the rarefied sensibility of the Wasp elite to aspiring uptown girls.
Nippon Yusen Kaisha, Mitsui OSK Lines and K Line said that, if approved by regulators, the joint venture would operate the world’s sixth biggest ­container fleet, with about 7 per cent of global capacity.
A senior Apple executive said on Tuesday that the company would return more capital to shareholders if us tax laws were relaxed and played down the likelihood that the company would use its excess cash to create new American manufacturing jobs.
“This is indeed the first time Terry Gou has done something like this. In the past, his expansion has always been strictly subject to the principle of pursuing vertical integration,” said bRobert Cheng/b, an analyst at CLSA in Taipei.b
Nevertheless, that does not stop some analysts groping even further back in history for better lessons. Thus far, few pundits have attempted to suggest that the current events are a replay of the best-known drama of all – 1929. After all, the global economy still appears to be in rude health and the scale of market swings still looks extremely small compared with 1929 or other crashes. (Indeed, were it not for the fact that levels of market volatility have been unusually low this decade, some observers might hesitate to use the word “turmoil” at all.)
Mr Kyuma also said the JDA could be upgraded to a ministry as early as next January, highlighting the growing momentum of Japanese public opinion for the country to take defence into its own hands.
The chinese government is to step up scrutiny of the cost effectiveness of its medical treatments, under a new technical co-operation agreement signed with the UK’s drug advisory body.
MSCI, the index provider, will announce next week whether it plans to include Chinese A shares — those listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen — in its emerging markets index from May 2016.
The Pearl Flip is designed to appeal to the broad mass marketplace, and is arguably the most traditional phone Rim has ever produced. It comes in either a black or red slightly elongated clamshell case, weighs 3.5oz and features a 128x160 pixel display.
As most people continue to batten down the financial hatches, an elite group of the world’s “stateless super-rich” is blossoming, and transcending geographical boundaries to purchase properties in major cities across the globe.
Murchison is backed by Mitsubishi of Japan, a long-standing investor in the state's large iron ore industry, while Midwest is backed by Sinosteel, the powerful state-owned Chinese entity.
Two military sources confirmed online rumours that Lieutenant General Gu Junshan, deputy head of the General Logistics Department of the People’s Liberation Army, had been detained.
Internal government estimates put the NCSSF's shortfall at close to $350bn and the funding gap is expected to worsen as the population ages. The government is looking at relaxing the one-child policy to address the problem of a smaller workforce.
If there is one thing that the world has learnt in the past three years, it is that financial services companies simply do not operate in the same way as other businesses.
A senior Ant executive, who did not wish to be named, said the company had waited to announce its listing in order to “secure the full support of Beijing”.
It warns that hong kong is in danger from higher sea levels, which are likely to rise by 40cm-60cm in China's pearl river delta by 2050, increasing the area of coastline that is vulnerable to flooding by up to six times.
But investors and analysts said it was too early to call the top of the decade-long bull market in gold, noting previous corrections had proved shortlived.
As it tries to curb hyperinflation — by some measurements, the worst in Latin American history — the government is also slashing fuel subsidies and raising the minimum wage by 3,000 per cent.
Henry Chesbrough, executive director of the Center for Open Innovation at the Haas Business School, part of the University of California in Berkeley, says the crowdsourcing model reflects shifts in where useful knowledge is located.
An MBA from an elite business school was traditionally a passport to either a seat on the corporate board or to a very large salary on wall street or in the City of London. But all that is changing.
On the factory floor, inefficiencies were identified and weeded out. TVS used to keep 10 weeks of inventory at its factory compared with two weeks now. The assembly line suffered frequent delays. “We couldn't predict what we could supply to customers,” says Mr Srinivasan. “It used to be a real mess.”
To watch the confrontation between the US’s most valuable company and its top law enforcement agency is to find oneself in a state of nearly permanent cognitive dissonance.
In that case, the music industry attacked with litigation. Their lawyers eventually put the site out of business. But others soon took its place, and the record companies only succeeded in alienating their customers.
Kevin Rudd, Australia's prime minister, begins a high-profile 18-day world tour tomorrow that will take him to the US, continental Europe, the UK and China as he seeks to establish his presence on the world stage.
Cnooc’s cash offer of $27.50 a share represents a 61 per cent premium to Nexen’s Friday closing price in New York.
She admits to feelings that border on depression but views them as a “productive indication” that she no longer wants to be a lawyer and desires a job with “more meaning”. A “midlife crisis” is how she views it.
With more than 93 per cent of the vote counted, figures from the Central Election Commission on Monday showed that United Russia, the main pro-Kremlin party, had secured 54.1 per cent of votes for party lists and bagged 203 of the 255 seats allocated through single-member constituencies. That would give the party 76 per cent of the  450 seats in the lower house of parliament, up from the 53 per cent it holds now.
Facebook’s co-founder is not the first silicon valley figure to show signs of political inadequacy — nor will he be the last. But he may be the most influential. He personifies the myopia of America’s coastal elites: they wish to do well by doing good.
“This really should not have surprised anyone,” says one senior wall street executive who was in the room at the new york federal reserve bank in Lower Manhattan in 1998 when Mr Cayne said he would not put in a nickel of Bear's money to help bail out LTCM. “This was Jimmy being Jimmy. And in the end they stepped up,” in the current hedge fund meltdown.
Nor is it just the banks who are having to pare back. law firm Herbert Smith announced last week that it will hold associate salary levels flat in the next financial year, and a number of other firms are expected to follow suit.
Concerns over food — and its absence — have long been a preoccupation of China’s rulers. For the leadership today, the problem is not so much keeping China fed but rather providing middle-class chinese consumers with the foods they desire at prices they can accept.
It has been true for a long time – since film and sports stars were permitted to sell their services on the open market – that those who appear in front of cameras gain more money and prestige than the managers and writers behind. But the free agency model is invading the business world as well: individuals with skills are doing better for themselves by going freelance than by remaining within large public companies.
So if the world is becoming happier, what are the implications? First, that the expansion of political and social freedoms over the past quarter of a century is vindicated. The open world in which we live is a fundamentally happier one. This may not surprise those who have argued in favour of a liberal global order. It will undoubtedly cause puzzlement and consternation among those who yearn for the false certainties of an earlier era.
In his first policy address since becoming prime minister, Mr Abe, 52, told a joint session of parliament his administration would make education more patriotic, diplomacy more robust and act to rewrite a constitution “drafted almost 60 years ago when Japan was under occupation”.
In very different ways both challenge the idea that, to be modern, a country must assimilate western thinking, particularly that of its most successful example, the US. Johnson’s most famous contribution to this debate was his classic account of Japan’s remarkable economic takeoff, Miti and the Japanese Miracle. In that study of the then Ministry of international trade and Industry, he advanced a theory of the “developmental state”.
“If it is a bluechip stocks guy, he is often a buyer of the more classical postwar pieces.
“If you've been made redundant you will be given some sort of package,” says a spokesman for Imperial College Business School. “That can be a good time to invest that money into your future, and the opportunity cost is very low” – business school speak for the cost of passing up other opportunities, such as paid work, because of the time spent doing something else.
A latecomer to the credit crunch, Berlin's challenge is to keep German banks lending. Indeed, their relative inactivity helps explain the urgency of Mr Steinbr&uuml ck's &ndash  unheeded &ndash  calls for european countries to relax bank capital requirements. The bind Germany faces is clear. If its banks need more capital, they have two choices. They can either shrink their balance sheets &ndash  as Deutsche, Germany's largest bank, is doing &ndash  or they can raise more equity, which German banks have so far been loath to do. That is partly because of the stigma attached to rights issues and partly because it can dilute shareholders. The obvious alternative is for Berlin to force banks to raise more capital. Unfortunately, Mr Steinbr&uuml ck's half-hearted bad bank plan neither compels banks to take part nor frees up capital for more lending. Unsurprisingly, no bank has joined.
Growing numbers of women are now rising to the executive board of companies around the world. Given the obstacles many have overcome to reach key positions and the difference they are already making to the way in which the business world works, their success alone is cause for celebration.
The chinese technology group has provided guidance to institutional investors that it will sell shares at HK$176 ($22.48) each, according to three people familiar with the matter. That represents a 2.9 per cent discount to the closing price of Alibaba’s New York-listed American Depositary Receipts on Tuesday.
“It's a very well-researched book,” the south african judge Richard Goldstone told me. “A number of people read it and thought something should be done.” An international commission of lawyers including Goldstone is now deciding whether to recommend a new UN inquiry into Hammarskjold's death. That inquiry will surely come. It may even reveal who killed Hammarskjold.
The UK’s strong financial links with China risk leaving it exposed to a “hard landing” from the country’s credit boom, the Bank of England said in research published on Friday.
Investors flocked from the relative safety of government bonds on Thursday back to stocks, on the heels of news that Washington and Beijing will resume trade negotiations, and stronger us economic data.
If you do decide to turn down the new job and look again with severance pay in hand, look very hard indeed. Spinnewijn's research shows that job-seekers tend to harbour another misperception: that an energetic job search does not pay dividends. They are wrong.
A new product that took five years to get traction in the past could now make it in 18 months. The best talent works at speed, thinks in multiple strands and crosses disciplines with ease.
China is already Taiwan's largest trading partner and investment destination. Taiwanese companies have relocated labour-intensive production to the mainland over the past 15 years and their cumulative FDI there might be close to US$300bn, according to the government's latest estimates – which would make Taiwan China's largest source of FDI.
High food prices could also soon feed into rising wages and a broader inflationary surge. The interest rate rises and other corrective measures needed to restrain inflation could lead to a significant interruption in growth and, potentially, protests. “Without quick steps to dramatically raise effective deposit rates or index them to future inflation, moderate price rises could lead to an inflation crisis,” he wrote.
“People like to laugh about millennials but the data are irrefutable,” said Mr Jacobs. “The old clichés about living with their parents and not being serious about their careers are wrong.”
“The market stability regulator must have access to detailed information about all types of financial institutions,” he said in London. “[It] should have the ability to require financial firms to undertake corrective actions to address financial stability problems.”
